Working as a developer on this project requires a mindset where we plan,
build, and deliver together as a team. We as a group take a shared
responsibility for the delivery, including speed, efficiency, and quality, but
we also take full responsibility for the operational condition of what we
deliver.

As an individual, you need to take ownership, drive initiatives forward,
suggest and incorporate improvements in all areas.

Sounds like you? Take your chance, and let’s grow together.

**REQUIREMENTS**

— At least 6+ years of commercial software development experience

— 2+ years in a Team Lead / Tech Lead role

— Proven experience delivering GovTech / FinTech / enterprise systems

— Excellent knowledge of Java and one of modern JS frameworks (React, Angular,
or Vue)

— Understanding of software architecture patterns (microservices, event-
driven)

— Experience in CI/CD pipelines and containerized environments

— Strong communication, decision-making, and mentoring skills

— At least an Upper-Intermediate level of English

**RESPONSIBILITIES**

— Lead a small cross-functional development team (2–7 engineers) and foster a
culture of ownership, quality, and collaboration

— Design, review, and evolve system architecture to ensure performance,
scalability, and maintainability

— Collaborate closely with a Product Owner, Business Analysts, DevOps, and
other teams within multi-vendor delivery model to align deliverables with
business goals

— Conduct regular code and technical reviews, provide mentorship, and hold 1:1
sessions with developers

— Manage the full development lifecycle — sprint planning, estimation,
delivery tracking, and retrospectives

— Ensure compliance with security, data protection, and government standards

— Represent the technical team in stakeholder meetings and provide clear
communication on progress and risks

— Be ready to undergo polygraph screening if required by the client

Робота розробником на нашому проєкті вимагає командного мислення: ми разом
плануємо, будуємо та доставляємо рішення. Ми разом несемо спільну
відповідальність за виконання проєкту, включаючи швидкість, ефективність та
якість, але також несемо повну відповідальність за робочий стан того, що ми
створюємо.

Тобі особисто потрібно буде брати на себе відповідальність, просувати
ініціативи, пропонувати та впроваджувати поліпшення у всіх сферах.

Тобі це по силам? Скористайся шансом, і зростатимемо разом.

**ВИМОГИ**

— Щонайменше 6 років досвіду в розробці комерційного програмного забезпечення

— 2+ роки на посаді керівника команди / технічного керівника

— Доведений досвід у розробці корпоративних систем та систем GovTech / FinTech

— Відмінні знання Java та одного з сучасних фреймворків JS (React, Angular або
Vue)

— Розуміння шаблонів архітектури програмного забезпечення (мікросервіси,
подієво-орієнтовані шаблони)

— Досвід роботи з CI/CD-конвеєрами та контейнеризованими середовищами

— Сильні комунікативні, управлінські та наставницькі навички

— Рівень англійської мови не нижче Upper-Intermediate

**ОБОВ’ЯЗКИ**

— Керувати невеликою багатофункціональною командою розробки (2–7 інженерів) та
сприяти розвитку культури відповідальності, якості та співпраці

— Проектувати, перевіряти та вдосконалювати архітектуру системи для
забезпечення продуктивності, масштабованості та зручності обслуговування

— Тісно співпрацювати з власником продукту, бізнес-аналітиками, DevOps-
інженером та іншими командами в рамках моделі постачання з декількома
постачальниками, щоб узгодити результати роботи з бізнес-цілями

— Проводити регулярні перевірки коду, виконувати роль ментора та проводити
індивідуальні сесії з розробниками

— Керувати повним циклом розробки — планування спринтів, оцінка, відстеження
поставок та ретроспективи

— Забезпечувати дотримання норм безпеки, захисту даних та державних стандартів

— Представляти технічну команду на зустрічах із зацікавленими сторонами та
надавати чітку інформацію про прогрес та ризики

— Бути готовим пройти перевірку на поліграфі, якщо цього вимагатиме клієнт