### **About us:**

Erbis is a thriving tech powerhouse where innovation meets opportunity. We
specialize in building cutting-edge software solutions that drive success for
businesses worldwide. At Erbis, we don’t just develop software. We create
impact. And to do that, we need the best talent in the industry. That’s where
you come in.

### **Our Client & Product:**

US-based data-driven business that serves colleges and universities. They help
educational institutions drive their success with transparency of data, both
across departments on campus and across the higher education marketplace. Our
client leverage real-time student record-level data to visualize opportunities
and provide analytics that highlight areas for improvement.

### **Requirements:**

  * 3+ years of experience with Java
  * Experience with Spring Framework
  * Experience implementing integration with 3rd party tools
  * Strong knowledge how OAuth2 authorization framework works
  * Understanding and applying on practice concepts of design enterprise patterns and building RESTful api
  * In-depth knowledge of Git
  * Understanding of Gradle build tool
  * Experience with Azure cloud or other cloud services

### **Soft skills:**

  * Strong analytical and problem-solving mindset
  * Effective communication and teamwork
  * Responsibility for assigned tasks and code quality
  * Initiative in improving existing solutions
  * Ability to work under guidance and contribute to architecture discussions
  * Continuous learning and knowledge sharing within the team

### **Responsibilities:**

  * Contribute to all stages of software development lifecycle
  * Design, implement and maintain Java-based applications that can be high-volume and low-latency
  * Ensure application designs conform with business goals
  * Develop and test software
  * Identify and resolve any technical issues arising
  * Create detailed design documentation
  * Propose changes/improvements to current application infrastructure
  * Develop technical designs for application development
  * Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests

### **Our perks and benefits:**

  * Paid Vacation days: 24 working days
  * Paid Sick days: 15 working days
  * The opportunity to dedicate up to 10% of working hours for self-education and personal development