The full production cycle IT company **“Nabuto”** specializes in the
development of software products/services in the field of information
technologies. The company’s team is working on creating a realtime Digital
Assets Trading platform that allows companies and traders to interact in a
cryptocurrency market.

We are looking for a **Senior Java Developer** to join our team. You will help
build a cutting edge innovative realtime trading platform with modern cloud
technologies.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Defining the project’s technical strategy, making key technical decisions.
  * Designing the system architecture, developing technical, security, and documentation standards.
  * Writing code, conducting code reviews, optimization, and refactoring.
  * Conducting training sessions, mentoring developers, organizing knowledge sharing.
  * Regular interaction with other teams and product managers.
  * Researching new technologies, evaluating their suitability, and implementing them in projects.

**Requirements:**

  * 6+ years of professional experience in software development.
  * Strong proficiency in **Java (preferred 21)** ,**algorithms and data structures, concurrency.**
  * Experience with Spring Framework**,** Hibernate.
  * Experience with **Apache Kafka, RabbitMQ**

  * Experience with SQL (preferred PostgreSQL).

  * Proficiency with unit and integration testing.
  * Ability to design and implement**high-available and scalable microservice architectures.**

**Would be a plus:**

  * Reactive frameworks (WebFlux)
  * Experience with realtime streaming technologies: Hazelcast Platform, Apache Flink etc.
  * Caching systems (Redis, Hazelcast).
  * Authentication/Authorization frameworks
  * Understanding of a clean code, SOLID principles and event-driven design
  * Experience with AWS cloud

**What will you do in the first 90 days?**

  * Understand the Product and System Architecture (we pay attention of the onboarding process quality)
  * Build Relationships with the Team
  * Implement new business features
  * Optimize existing high-load services
  * Code coverage with unit and integration tests
  * Drive Innovation and Continuous Improvement

  
  

**Company offers**

  * ‍**Care from Day One** — medical insurance immediately upon starting work, including dental care, massage and professional psychological support because your well-being matters
  * **Work-Life Balance** — 24 days of paid vacation + 30 days of sick leave, so you can recover without unnecessary stress
  * **Investment in your energy** — partial reimbursement for any sports activities that empowers you.
  * **Growth** — partial coverage for English or Ukrainian language courses + a fixed budget for professional development. Choose what suits you best!
  * **Knowledge Library** — books in the office and access to the Kuka online library to learn, grow, and find inspiration.
  * **Island Relaxation 14 days a year** — enjoy a getaway at the corporate villa in Cyprus.

Join the Nabuto team, where your talents and aspirations will be recognized!
We offer a dynamic work environment, opportunities for professional growth,
and support at every step of your career path. Start your journey to success
with us—apply today and take the first step towards your bright future!  
  
Nabuto is an equal opportunity employer. We encourage applications from
candidates of all backgrounds and experiences. Please note, that only
shortlisted candidates will be contacted. Thank you for considering Nabuto as
your next career move!