**🔹Who we are!**

At Levi9, we are passionate about what we do. We love our work and together in
a team, we are smarter and stronger. We are looking for skilled team players
who make change happen. Are you one of these players?

**🔹About the project**

Our client is a **leading media company in Western Europe** , delivering high-
quality content across various platforms, including newspapers, magazines,
radio, TV, websites, apps, and podcasts. Their brands reach millions of people
daily, shaping the media landscape with independent and trusted journalism.

**🔹Responsibilities**

  * Develop a cloud-native system leveraging aforementioned technologies in a high-paced environment.
  * Make strategic and tactical technical decisions together with other Java and DevOps engineers from the team.
  * Actively communicate with the Product Owner and stakeholders.

**🔹Requirements**

    * At least 5 years of software development experience
    * Java 17+
    * Spring Framework (Boot, Core, MVC, Data, Security)
    * JPA (Hibernate)
    * SQL databases (PostgreSQL)
    * AWS services (SNS, SQS, ECS, S3)
    * Synchronous communication (REST) and asynchronous messaging
    * Experience with microservices architecture and understanding of microservices patterns
    * Practical experience with CI/CD pipelines
    * Proficiency in unit and integration testing
    * Strong debugging and troubleshooting skills

**🔹9 reasons to join us:**

  1. Today we’re working with the technology of tomorrow.
  2. We don’t wait for a change. We are the change.
  3. We’re experts in creating experts (Levi9 academy, Lead9 program for leaders).
  4. No micromanagement. We are free birds with a clear understanding of what the high performance is!
  5. Learning in Levi9 never stops (unlimited Udemy for business, meetups, English courses, Professional trainings).
  6. Here you can train your body and mind.
  7. We’ve gathered the best locations — comfortable, cozy and pet-friendly offices in Kyiv (5 minutes from Olimpiyska metro station) and Lviv with regular offline internal events
  8. We have master’s degree in work-life balance.
  9. We are actively supporting Ukraine with constant donations and volunteering

**🔹Simple step to get this job**

Click the APPLY NOW button and leave your contacts!