**Job Description**

As a Fullstack Engineer, you’ll work on developing robust server-side and
frontend-side solutions, using AI tools, and contributing to the launch of
innovative AI products. You’ll collaborate with product managers and team
members, review code, and help drive the integration of AI technologies into
our products. In your day-to-day, you will:

  * Gather product requirements and translate them into robust solutions 
  * Write high-quality, scalable code and review pull requests 
  * Explore and use AI development tools to enhance team capabilities 
  * Collaborate with product managers and team members to launch AI-driven products 
  * Continuously learn and share AI knowledge and experiences with the team 

**Qualifications**

  * 5+ years of experience in server or frontend development
  * Proficiency in either Java/Scala or TypeScript/React
  * Basic knowledge and readiness to learn the complementary stack: TypeScript/React for server engineers, or Java/Scala for frontend engineers
  * Familiarity with AI development tools and a curiosity about AI technologies 
  * Ability to work with large codebases and a product-focused mindset 
  * Professional-level English communication skills 

**About the Team**

We are Wix’s Engineering Guild. We provide integrated tools for microservice
development within Wix to help improve developer productivity and best
practices. These tools streamline the development process and reduce cognitive
load, allowing Wix Engineers to concentrate on their domain, architecture, and
business logic. To handle high-scale traffic (over 500B HTTP requests per day)
and 500+ daily deployments, our team of 500 Backend Engineers runs production
across 19 distributed data centers and cloud vendors worldwide. We work in
small teams, follow agile work methods and use continuous integration and
delivery methodologies. We love sharing knowledge and contributing back to the
open-source community.

**About Wix**

Wix makes it possible for anyone to succeed online.

Since 2006, we’ve grown to around 5,300 employees in 22 countries, launched
over 40 products, and serve over 282 million users and their visitors
worldwide.

At Wix, we push you to innovate, evolve in non-traditional ways, and
collaborate. We operate in small teams that work closely together at a high
level.

Although we’re already industry leaders in web creation and business, our work
is nowhere near done. Our goal is to become the main engine of the Internet so
we can create a more open web for all.

_We’re proud to be an equal opportunity company. Wix was built around the idea
that everyone has the right to be successful, online. This same vision defines
us as a company: creating a work environment where everyone is welcome, and
anyone has the right to succeed._