This role is 100% remote. Please note that for your application to be
reviewed, you will need to pass the first step of our process, which is a
**test task**. More details on this below.

**Required skills:**

  * Computer Science knowledge: Algorithms, Data structures, Performance, etc.
  * 3-5 year’s experience
  * Java fundamentals, OOP, Concurrency
  * Knowledge of Design patterns
  * English communication skills

**Will be a plus but not requred:**

  * Having participated in Computer Science or Math contests (e.g. ACM, ICPC, Olympiads etc.)

**What we offer**

  * 100% remote work
  * Paid annual & sick leave
  * Compensation of new equipment and software (various options based on type of equipment)
  * Sponsorship of training and english lessons
  * A great international team and friendly environment

**Test task**

As a part of the hiring process we would appreciate if you can solve a test
task. It is expected to take 90 min on average and we offer $100 compensation
for the correctly completed tasks. Compensation will be paid only if you agree
to participate in an interivew.

[devtest2.hr.bookmap.com/task](http://devtest2.hr.bookmap.com/task)

Your solution will be tested against a few input files, some of which are
different from the example provided in this document. Performance will be
taken into account so solutions that are too slow will be rejected. Note that
we will only inform if your test task passed or failed. In case you passed, we
will continue the process, however, we may not provide detailed feedback in
case of a failure.

**About Bookmap**

Bookmap is a professional high-performance visualization & trading platform
which have set a new standard for accurate visualization of market data.

One of the challenges in the industry is large amounts of market data. This
data represents the activity and interactions between buyers and sellers and
on certain markets may reach dozens of thousands of events per second. Bookmap
is the leading company in providing visually intuitive representation of the
entire process and its historical evolution. The result is equivalent to an
interactive HD video with unlimited resolution. Bookmap achieves its goals by
utilizing modern technologies such as GPU rendering and by developing its own
proprietary solutions.

Our customers include brokers, hedge funds, proprietary trading firms,
individual professional and retail traders. Bookmap is mainly used for trading
futures, US stocks and digital- cryptocurrencies at CME, Eurex, Nasdaq, GDAX
and many other exchanges.