**Ciklum** is looking for a **Senior Java Engineer** to join our team full-
time in Ukraine.

We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational
organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business
challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers,
consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that
redefines industries and shapes the way people live.

## About the role:

As a Senior Java Engineer, become a part of a cross-functional development
team engineering experiences of tomorrow.

The Client is an innovative trading platform and digital wallet targeted at
the sophisticated trader. With a strategic vision to be the go-to digital
wallet of choice for sophisticated FX and crypto traders, a critical success
factor will be best in class design, user experience and functionality.  
The business plans to launch a digital wallet with a charging engine to
provide new functionalities for sophisticated traders. This initiative will
offer seamless integration to Google Pay and Apple Pay, activate a
monetization strategy, and establish a scalable foundation for expansion
across Asia and the Americas.

## Responsibilities:

  * Write highly testable, automatable and performant code over the whole SDLC using high coding standards and software best practices
  * Develop product, deliver features and updates according to the product roadmap
  * Develop and review feature design documents and provide inputs/update to specifications for the solutio
  * Participate in the team activities according to the methodology — daily meetings, planning, retrospectives etc.)
  * Сoach/supervise middle/junior engineers by demand of the project

## Requirements:

  * Software Design:
  * Use of best practices and patterns during application design and implementation
  * Hands-on experience with monolith, microservice, and serverless architectural styles
  * Software development:
  * In-depth proficiency level in Java, implementing applications using defensive programming
  * Successful cases in developing web applications using advanced framework features and industry standard conventions
  * Practical experience in writing and performance tuning of complex SQL
  * Experience with RabbitMQ, Kafka
  * Experience with Docker
  * Quality Assurance:
  * In-depth proficiency level in JUnit, Mockito, JMeter
  * Previous participation in constant quality improvement on the project: conducting code reviews, setting up quality metrics, and monitoring
  * Experience with SpringBoot, Maven
  * Software Deployment:
  * Hands-on experience with application deployment patterns and tools
  * Practical experience in infrastructure configuration using popular cloud providers
  * Experience with AWS, Step Function, EC2, Amazon RDS, Amazon Aurora, API Gateway, Lambda, S3, SQS
  * Experience with GitHub Action

## Desirable:

  * Knowledge of Modulr
  * Knowledge of finance domain
  * Experience in configuring application security aspects
  * Practical experience in application performance optimization

## What’s in it for you?

  * **Strong community:** Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door environment
  * **Growth focus:** Take on large-scale projects with a global impact and expand your expertise
  * **Tailored learning:** Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
  * **Endless opportunities:** Explore diverse domains through internal mobility, finding the best fit to gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies
  * **Flexibility:** Enjoy radical flexibility — work remotely or from an office, your choice
  * **Care:** We’ve got you covered with company-paid medical insurance, mental health support, and financial & legal consultations

## About us:

At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to
achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with
cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a
One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.

As one of Ukraine’s largest IT companies and a top employer recognized by
Forbes, we’ve spent over 20 years delivering meaningful tech solutions. We
proudly support diverse talent and military veterans, recognizing their unique
skills and perspectives they bring to shaping the future.

Want to learn more about us? Follow us on **[
_Instagram_](https://www.instagram.com/ciklum/),
[_Facebook_](https://www.facebook.com/Ciklum/),
[_LinkedIn_](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ciklum/)**.

**Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!**

Interested already? We would love to get to know you! Submit your application.
We can’t wait to see you at Ciklum.