### About Revolut

People deserve more from their money. More visibility, more control, and more
freedom. Since 2015, Revolut has been on a mission to deliver just that. Our
powerhouse of products — including spending, saving, investing, exchanging,
travelling, and more — help our 65+ million customers get more from their
money every day.

As we continue our lightning-fast growth,‌ 2 things are essential to our
success: our people and our culture. In recognition of our outstanding
employee experience, we’ve been certified as a Great Place to Work™. So far,
we have 10,000+ people working around the world, from our offices and
remotely, to help us achieve our mission. And we’re looking for more brilliant
people. People who love building great products, redefining success, and
turning the complexity of a chaotic world into the simplicity of a beautiful
solution.

### About the role

This role offers the opportunity to [relocate to Poland, Spain, or the
UAE](https://www.revolut.com/relocation-with-revolut/). You’ll receive support
from Revolut throughout the entire process. Once you move, you’ll have the
flexibility to work remotely or in a hybrid model from an office in Krakow,
Barcelona, Madrid, or Dubai.

Our Technology team isn’t just one of the best in the industry. It’s one of
the best in the world. And we’re proud of it. It’s our driving force, our
engine. From building a new financial backend to creating an innovative app
and features that millions of people around the world will use, there’s
nothing our Tech team can’t do.

We’re looking for a Backend Engineer who wants to change the world. If you
want your work to change the global financial landscape, you might be just who
we’re looking for.

We have a minimalist approach to using external frameworks, with an emphasis
on maintainability and fast turnaround with TDD, DDD and Continuous
Integration & Delivery.

Our technology stack:

  * Java 17/21
  * GCP, Kubernetes, Grafana, Prometheus, NewRelic
  * PostgreSQL, Redis
  * Spock, SparkJava
  * JOOQ, Flyway

If you’re up for the challenge of shaping the future of finance, let’s get in
touch.

### What you’ll be doing

  * Building mobile APIs
  * Developing microservices to evolve our architecture
  * Perfecting systems that our business depends on, like risk management, fraud detection, and payment processing
  * Focusing on greenfield development and improvement of existing systems

### What you’ll need

  * Fluency with Java
  * 6+ years of experience in backend development
  * A bachelor’s degree in computer science, maths, physics, or similar field
  * To be a quick learner with an ambitious attitude and results-driven personality
  * The ability to work well as part of a team in a fast-paced environment
  * Excellent communication and organisational skills
  * Fluency in English

### Nice to have

  * Familiarity with Kotlin or Scala
  * A background in financial services or fintech
  * Experience in a startup or scale-up
  * Involvement in product-centric development environments

Building a global financial super app isn’t enough. Our Revoluters are a
priority, and that’s why in 2021 we launched our inaugural D&I Framework,
designed to help us thrive and grow everyday. We’re not just doing this
because it’s the right thing to do. We’re doing it because we know that
seeking out diverse talent and creating an inclusive workplace is the way to
create exceptional, innovative products and services for our customers. That’s
why we encourage applications from people with diverse backgrounds and
experiences to join this multicultural, hard-working team.