At SPD Technology, we bring together a team of like-minded people who are
driven by the desire to bring value through their work, united in their
commitment to high performance and delivering custom, cutting-edge tech
solutions that drive clients’ growth. We empower our people with a culture of
excellence and enable them with the opportunity to uphold their accountability
to contribute on each level. We value humanity and collaboration, encourage
professional and personal growth, and foster a supportive and flexible work
environment where everyone’s contribution is welcomed.

We are looking for a **Team Lead Full Stack Engineering** to join us as part
of our team.

### About the role

PitchBook is a leading analytical platform designed for investment
professionals. It aggregates data from diverse sources and presents it in a
user-friendly manner, empowering startups, large corporations, venture capital
and private equity firms, investment banks, and market analysts to make
informed decisions.

You’ll join a dynamic, distributed engineering team. We own marketing website
[pitchbook.com](http://pitchbook.com) and its integrations. As we continue to
scale, we are forming a second team to accelerate our growth and deliver even
greater value. Our team is leading the migration to the 3rd-party CMS —
Brightspot, as part of our effort to scale. We are transitioning from a
custom-built website platform to Brightspot, developing new UI modules and
integration layers between the PitchBook and Brightspot systems to meet
diverse business needs.

Collaboration, knowledge sharing, and “One-Team” mentality are at the core of
how we work. The team collaborates closely with internal and external
stakeholders, 3-rd party representatives. Our primary stakeholders are
involved in marketing and lead generation, supporting editorial, and research
teams that create content of varying complexity and for different purposes
like articles, analyst reports, newsletter and business data previews. Regular
interaction with stakeholders from marketing, editorial, and research, ensure
alignment with business goals. From a processes perspective we use Scrum-based
Agile and structured by Team topologies — Stream-Aligned Team.

**Team**

The team is scaled and a second team will be created. Current team setup: Lead
SDE, Product Owner, 6 SDE, 3 QA.

**Tech stack**

The previous and new systems use slightly different tech stacks, you’ll have a
chance to work with both during migration: Java 11+, Spring Boot, MVVM/MVC,
HTML/JS, Freemarker, Handlebars, React, Knockout, GraphQL, OpenAPI, RabbitMQ,
Kafka, SNS/SQS, Multi-cloud (AWS/GCE), Apache Solr, Redis, Kubernetes, FluxCD,
ELK/Coralogix, Grafana, Jira/Atlassian, GitLab/GitHub

**Work Environment**

We practice a flexible work schedule, with required attendance at Scrum
events, collaboration with stakeholders and 3-rd party representatives:

* Morning meetings start after 10:00 AM EET

* Evening meetings finish before 7:00 PM EET

The team is distributed across Ukraine, Poland, Spain, the UK, and the Czech
Republic.

### As a qualified expert You will

  * Drive team to deliver product features and releases of high quality by agreed timeline.
  * Establish Engineering SDLC practices and approaches in the team following organization standards, policies and guidelines.
  * Makes sure Engineers within team execute on the full SDLC: requirements elaboration, design, estimation, implementation, solution testing and delivery.
  * Fosters engineering culture via leading by example. Spread knowledge. Participate in hiring.
  * Manage tactical release and sprint-level engineering resource allocation within the team.
  * Own services and applications and related infrastructure, care of the services’ quality, stability, reliability, and performance in production, SLA’s.
  * Own estimations of Features and Releases in the team and explain them to peer functions, stakeholders. Contribute to early Product Initiative and pre-PRD Planning, informing solution options and rough estimates.
  * Collectively own sprint, release and feature planning with PM, PD and PO.

### We’re looking for you if you have

  * 5+ years of experience in web software development, where 3+ years as team lead.
  * Experience in leading remote team (4+ developers), collaboration with 3-rd party vendors.
  * Experience in designing and building production systems that work with data at scale.
  * Strong proficiency in Java (11+). Good OOP skills.
  * Experience with Spring Framework, Spring Boot 3, MVC\MVVM patterns
  * Experience with Message Brokers (RabbitMQ, Kafka, SNS\SQS)
  * Good knowledge of microservices concepts, cloud platforms (Google Cloud, AWS).
  * Good knowledge of HTML/CSS/JS, familiar with React/Knockout/Freemarker/Handlebars.
  * Strong knowledge of SQL (PostgreSQL \ MS SQL).
  * Ability to work independently, take initiative, and drive improvements.
  * Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail. Open for learning.
  * English Upper-Intermediate (B2 or higher); Ukrainian — fluent.

### Bonus Points

  * Active use of AI tools in daily work, integrating AI to boost team productivity.
  * Familiarity with Docker, Kubernetes, Flux CD and CI/CD pipelines (GitLab, GitHub).
  * Ability to adapt and contribute to other projects if needed. Spread knowledge.

### What’s in it for You

Reveal great tech solutions

Join the team of experts who create custom, cutting-edge tech solutions for
world-renowned businesses, fueling client growth. Unleash your potential,
tackle new challenges, and be part of a team that values your skills and
contributions. Focus on long-term impact and building tailored, long-lasting
partnerships with our clients.

Experience an agile and flexible working environment

Enjoy the freedom of fully remote work with a flexible working schedule.
Empower yourself with a stable workload and a stable income, supported by
provided laptops and licensed software. We focus on lasting cooperation and
unite result-oriented individuals who stand on a high-performance approach to
work.

Embrace the opportunity for personal and professional growth

Benefit from performance and merit reviews, elevate your skills with personal
development plans, and individual learnings through the corporate library,
public speaking support, and more.

Be among like-minded people

Work with a team of one mind who cares about what they do and how they do.
Collaborate with top-notch experts who are always ready to help and support
you through any challenges. Join company-wide tech and cultural events, and
contribute to meaningful CSR initiatives that resonate with your values. Feel
supported by your HR, and take advantage of our referral bonus program.

### Interview steps

  1. Pre-Screening with the recruiter (up to 30-45 min)
  2. Technical Interview (up to 1.5 hour)
  3. Manager’s Interview (30 min).