We are looking for a software engineer to join a HubSpot engineering team
creating demo environments and demo data for Sales teams using artificial
intelligence and agents. The main principles of our work are software
reliability and helping the user to achieve their goals. You will have plenty
of opportunities to work in the microservices architecture with cutting-edge
technologies.

HubSpot is one of the best technology companies in the USA. HubSpot has a
great engineering culture, carried by great teams in the USA, Ireland,
Germany, Ukraine and Armenia. The platform consists of thousands of
microservices built with Java 21, lightweight DropWizard framework, and Google
Guice dependency injection. It’s huge and you’ll have to deal with a lot of
other stuff like Kafka, Amazon SQS, S3, HBase, and much more. Front-end is
single-page applications built with ECMAScript 6, React, and Sass.
Approximately 1000 Front-end repositories. The Platform Team built up the
state of the art infrastructure that allows developers to deploy their code to
QA and Production with literally 3 button clicks — you will be able to spend
all of your time designing and developing software — there is nothing easier
than triggering a build and merge here.

Intelliarts Ltd. is a boutique software engineering company established in
1999, in Lviv, Ukraine. We launch and support dedicated development teams that
help startups and technology companies worldwide to build awesome products.
With a flat structure, we don’t offer traditional vertical career growth.
Instead, we created a working environment encouraging professional and
personal growth: challenging projects, tight integration with teams abroad,
and learning from experienced colleagues.

**Responsibilities**

  * Communicate directly with product management and peers in Boston and Dublin, other HubSpot development teams to shape out requirements
  * Create new and extend existing microservices using Java 21, DropWizard, and whatever technology/tools required to complete a particular task
  * Cover your code with all kinds of automation tests (unit, integration, acceptance, API, end-to-end)
  * Fully own the software you’ve developed. We design, develop, test, release, and support our software in both stage and production environments

**Personal Profile Overview**

  * Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field
  * Stability in previous employment history with a tendency to remain with employers for extended periods
  * Experience in managing diverse project activities (not just coding, but also requirements analysis, preparing estimations)
  * Clear and effective communication skills, both verbal and written, ability to convey ideas, information, and messages accurately and efficiently
  * Proficiency in fostering effective collaboration and teamwork activities
  * Ability to analyze information, assess situations, and make decisions based on sound reasoning and logical evaluation
  * Focus on delivering exceptional customer experiences and prioritizing customer satisfaction
  * Analytical thinking, problem-solving abilities, and strategic approach to technical challenges
  * Transparency in sharing the information within a team and company
  * Willingness to acquire new knowledge and insights to enhance professional growth and performance

**Required skills**

  * 4+ years working with Java
  * Excellent understanding of the OO design/programming paradigm
  * Solid background in computer science and programming
  * Strong knowledge of databases and networks
  * English level: Upper-Intermediate

**As a plus**

  * Front-end development experience (React or other modern JS frameworks)
  * Familiarity with prompt engineering and fine-tuning using OpenAI or other models
  * Practical experience building applications powered by LLMs (OpenAI or other)

**We offer**

  * Fuel your professional growth with paid online courses, conferences, certifications, English classes, a corporate library, and leadership program
  * Thrive in a culture of trust and cooperation with no time trackers and minimal bureaucracy
  * Enjoy 20 business days of paid vacation, plus state holidays to prioritize your well-being
  * Experience an open-door culture, transparent communication, and top management at a handshake distance
  * Enjoy comfortable office vibes with no open space policy, relaxing sports areas, a spacious bar/kitchen, and more
  * Achieve balance with our hybrid/fully remote work model
  * Receive fair and competitive compensation
  * Fuel your productivity and foster a sense of community with complimentary daily lunches
  * Participate in meaningful initiatives supporting Ukraine’s victory
  * Take flexible sick leave without burdensome documentation and access parental benefits
  * Choose from comprehensive medical insurance or a sports compensation package
  * Have fun with regular team-building activities, corporate events and celebrations, and unique initiatives like Week in Lviv