Our client is one of the biggest players in the population health management
sector and leading it several years in a row by supporting healthcare
organizations to achieve financial success in value-based care(recognized as
Best in KLAS in Value-Based Care Managed Services). The company delivers
enterprise-level transformational healthcare outcomes.

The project is a DaaS (Database as a Service) solution for operating with
population health data. The main focus is 1) building an API around the
database to allow other components of the ecosystem to reach the data; 2)
building analytics over the data. Every month we process about 1 petabyte of
data to identify new data, normalize it, store it and build analytics
dashboards based on it.

**Responsibilities**

  * Participate in the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging;
  * Write clean code to develop functional services;
  * Troubleshoot and debug applications;
  * Address technical and design requirements;
  * Build reusable code and libraries for future use;
  * Collaborate with architect, developers, and system administrators to deliver new features;
  * Follow emerging technologies;
  * Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS technology;
  * Develop and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture — including development related to data acquisition and monitoring, data quality, integration, normalization, and analytics development.

**Qualification and skill set**

  * At least 4 years’ experience in Java-based programming;
  * Significant coding skills in Java;
  * Exceptional problem-solving and analytical abilities;
  * Knowledge of modern frameworks;
  * Experience with the CI/CD (Jenkins, GitHub Actions, Terraform) and Docker containerization;
  * Experience with the AWS cloud (EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift, Apache Airflow for orchestration);
  * Advanced SQL knowledge and experience working with relational SQL databases and NOSQL databases;
  * Experience with developing microservices and understanding the peculiarities of microservices architecture;
  * Ability to work with other developers and assist junior team members;
  * Good English written and verbal communication.

**Would be a plus**

  * AWS Certification (DevOps, BigData, Data Analyst);
  * Experience with enterprise-class RDBMS (SQL-Server), Cloud Data warehouse (Snowflake/Redshift/BigQuery);
  * Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka etc;
  * Python programing language;
  * Work in Agile Development environment;
  * Degree in computer science, coding, or a related field.

**Why join VITech?**

  * Work in an agile team with a high-quality code environment and use modern technologies to deliver software that provides value;
  * Interesting projects with a focus on the Healthcare industry, where communication with clients is a part of daily work;
  * Professional growth opportunities with our corporate development programs;
  * People-oriented corporate culture where your individuality is appreciated.

We thoughtfully create and adapt benefits to improve your life. Unlimited free
treats and coffee are not the main things we can offer. We strive to simplify
your life and we take care of your mental and physical health.