We’re looking for a proactive and highly organised Project Manager to join our
DevOps team on a part-time basis. The PM will play a key role in coordinating
team activities, managing client communication, ensuring timely delivery of
tasks, and maintaining alignment between technical priorities and business
goals.  
  
You’ll collaborate closely with the Delivery Manager, DevOps Lead, and
engineers to keep projects on track, improve operational processes, and help
deliver high-quality services to our clients.  
  
**Part-time: 80h/month.  
**  
**Requirements:**

  * 1+ years of experience in IT Project Management, ideally within a DevOps or cloud-focused environment.
  * Understanding of Agile/Scrum or Kanban methodologies.
  * Familiarity with AWS cloud concepts.
  * Experience in remote team management.
  * Strong communication and written skills.
  * Strong organisational and multitasking abilities.
  * Knowledge of project management tools: Jira, Confluence, and Google Workspace.
  * Upper-Intermediate English level or higher.

**Responsibilities:**

  * People management: Day-to-day people management, one-to-one sessions, and tracking of the team’s performance.
  * Process management: Day-to-day management of the tasks according to the Kanban system, daily checking of all Slack channels for DevOps monitoring.
  * Status reporting: tracking projects’ progress and timelines.
  * Communication: Daily sync-ups with the team, weekly/bi-weekly stand-ups with clients and on-demand calls on Zoom/Google Meet.

**Nice to have:**

  * AWS certification.
  * The basic understanding of DevOps Methodology.

**Benefits:**

  * Team of professionals.
  * Flexible working schedule.
  * Possibility to work remotely.
  * Opportunities for professional development and personal growth.
  * Competitive compensation.
  * Regular assessments and salary reviews.
  * Compensation of educational activities: certifications, courses, conferences.
  * Paid vacation according to the Ukrainian laws.
  * Paid sick leaves, sports and health activities compensation.
  * Compensation for English classes.
  * Regular team-building events and an enjoyable working environment.
  * Company online activities.

**Recruiting process:**

  * Screening interview.
  * Technical interview.
  * Background check.
  * Final interview with Delivery Manager & HR Business Partner.
  * Offer.