Erbis is a thriving tech powerhouse where innovation meets opportunity. We
specialize in building cutting-edge software solutions that drive success for
businesses worldwide. At Erbis, we don’t just develop software. We create
impact. And to do that, we need the best talent in the industry. That’s where
you come in.

### **Our environment:**

SaaS, Amazon Web Services (EC2, VPC, RDS, RedShift, S3, EFS, Route 53,
CloudWatch, SNS, Lambda, API Gateway, CloudFront, EKS, SES, etc.), Linux,
Docker, Nginx, DataDog, Zabbix, Teamcity, Gitlab, ELK, ElastAlert, Terraform,
Ansible, Java, WildFly, Keycloak, Maven / Gradle, Oracle & Postgres databases.

### **Mandatory skills:**

  * 1+ years of experience administering Linux servers
  * Basic understanding of networking concepts and key TCP/IP protocols
  * Shell scripting
  * High attention to details and responsibility
  * Basic spoken and written English
  * BS in Computer Science, Information Technology, Information Security or similar field

### **Considered a plus:**

  * Hands-on experience with AWS
  * Strong UNIX/Linux system administration experience and proven ability to manage and support production infrastructure.
  * Experience with Configuration Management and IaC tools such as Terraform and Ansible, or similar alternatives.
  * Experience with monitoring and observability tools
  * Quality/DevOps/Automation mindset, SaaS, SOA

### **Responsibilities:**

  * AWS administration
  * Maintaining build and deploy pipelines
  * Provide support during production deployments
  * Linux administration and troubleshooting
  * Respond to alerts and incidents
  * Other IT services operational support
  * Limited on-calls: each shift lasts 2 weeks, with working hours from 10:00 to 22:00 (EET/EEST); monthly production release on a Saturday

### **Our perks and benefits:**

  * Paid Vacation days: 24 working days
  * Paid Sick days: 15 working days
  * The opportunity to dedicate up to 10% of working hours for self-education and personal development