Dive deep into Digital! For 20 years Intellias has been developing top-tier
digital solutions for the world’s leading companies, keeping them in line with
the latest technology trends. Join in and provide innovations for the future!

### **What project we have for you**

Our customer is a leading global agricultural company dedicated to improving
food security by enhancing crop yield and sustainability through innovative
seeds and crop protection solutions. With a presence in over 100 countries,
the company combines cutting-edge science and digital technologies to help
farmers overcome climate challenges and grow more efficiently. It invests
heavily in research and development, ensuring continuous advancements in
sustainable farming and environmental stewardship

Intellias mission is to help a client to support their cloud optimization
journey by establishing a central DevOps team. This team will work across our
organization to enhance cloud operations, focusing on AWS environments with an
extension to GCP. The aim is to develop a center of CloudOps excellence that
will centrally manage and optimize over 50+ AWS accounts.

As a DevOps engineer you will become a part of Core Architecture Team and be
responsible for the implementation of best practices in our Digital
Engineering Enterprice Platform.

The Platform is a set of services and internet applications that accelerate
the development and delivery of software applications by taking care of common
SDLC challenges. The Platform provides access and consumption for engineering
teams to a set of services, technologies, practices for their development and
for operating their application, ensure a set of compliance and best
practices.

### **What you will do**

  * As a Principal DevOps Engineer you will take an active step in designing and guiding the development of new services for our platform.
  * You will work as a member of a Scrum team which develops and operates a set of services which provide the backbone of a rich ecosystem of DevOps tools used in modern cloud native development and operations.
  * You will actively participate in the development and execution of our DevOps and SRE strategy
  * As a senior member of the team you will lead by example the other team members.
  * Apply software engineer mindset and practices.

### **What you need for this**

**Required:**

  * 7+ years of experience with GCP (DevOps role).
  * 4+ years of experience with Terraform. Cloud/Enterprise is a plus.
  * 4+ year experience with CI/CD automation
  * Advanced proficiency of at least one modern scripting language: Python preferred, yet it’s fine to have another (Go, JS etc) and willingness to learn Python
  * Experience in Devops Lead Engineer position — including work estimation, decomposition and mentoring less senior team members
  * Solid foundation in Linux and networks administration and troubleshooting
  * Excellent communication skills
  * Experience in tech leading
  * GCP certification
  * English B2+

**Will be considered as a plus:**

  * Experience with AWS
  * Experience in serverless architectures
  * Experience or familiarity withDataDog

### **What it’s like to work at Intellias**

At Intellias, where technology takes center stage, people always come before
processes. By creating a comfortable atmosphere in our team, we empower
individuals to unlock their true potential and achieve extraordinary results.
That’s why we offer a range of benefits that support your well-being and
charge your professional growth.  
We are committed to fostering equity, diversity, and inclusion as an equal
opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without
discrimination based on race, color, religion, age, gender, nationality,
disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status,
or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.  
We welcome and celebrate the uniqueness of every individual. Join Intellias
for a career where your perspectives and contributions are vital to our shared
success.