N-iX is looking for an Azure DevOps Engineer to join our team!

Our client handles a desktop & web-based graphical application that allows you
to create beautiful timelines, Gantt charts and roadmaps in your browser and
export them as PowerPoint slides

**Responsibilities**

As a DevOps automation engineer, you will have hands-on responsibility for
designing, deploying, configuring, and keeping the critical tools used by
software development teams across the company. This involves all aspects of
the software delivery processes/pipelines, such as source code management,
build tools/processes, packaging, deployment, and implementation customization
processes.

**Requirements**

  * Strong expertise in Azure concepts and services: Azure Landing Zones, Azure Front Door, Azure Storage, Azure App Service, Azure SQL Database.
  * Future involvement with Azure Container Apps, Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS), and Azure Functions.
  * Expertise in Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC) (Bicep, Terraform)
  * Experience with YAML-based pipelines and Azure DevOps Pipelines.
  * Proficiency in GitHub Flow / Experience with Github Actions(or willingness to work with it).
  * Expertise in PowerShell knowledge to support existing scripts.
  * Understanding of SOC2 Type 2 compliance in DevOps processes.
  * Experience with containerization and Kubernetes-based deployments in Azure.
  * Security/QA best practices for Azure DevOps
  * Knowledge and experience working with Entra ID and Azure IAM
  * Flexibility and adaptability to changes in the technical stack and processes.
  * Strong collaboration and communication skills to support development teams with DevOps initiatives.
  * Proactive approach to implementing best DevOps practices.
  * Maintain and evolve existing Azure infrastructure, including deploying new infrastructure from scratch.
  * Improve CI/CD processes, automation, and monitoring.
  * Collaborate closely with development teams.
  * Participate in development team stand-up meetings to assist with their DevOps and infrastructure needs.
  * Working with QA to integrate their functional tests into pipelines

**We offer*:**

  * Flexible working format — remote, office-based or flexible
  * A competitive salary and good compensation package
  * Personalized career growth
  * Professional development tools (mentorship program, tech talks and trainings, centers of excellence, and more)
  * Active tech communities with regular knowledge sharing
  * Education reimbursement
  * Memorable anniversary presents
  * Corporate events and team buildings
  * Other location-specific benefits

*not applicable for freelancers