At Icecat, we are looking for an experienced **DevOps Engineer** to join our
team and contribute to infrastructure modernization.

If you’re passionate about tackling complex problems and want to be part of a
dynamic, collaborative team, then we would love to hear from you!

### _Who we are:_

Icecat NV is the market leader in product content solutions. Through our
services and solutions, we enable brands, retailers, and marketplaces to
exchange product content in a simple and fast way.

_Our services_ include a content catalog, e-commerce integrations, and Product
Information Management (PIM) systems.

_Our customers_ are brands you’ve already heard of: Amazon, Lego, Philips,
Mattel and many other well-known brands and retailers..

### _Our team:_

There are 19 people in a team: backend and frontend developers, QA, DevOps,
Support, Product Owner, and Project Manager/Scrum Master.

The members of our team are located in Ukraine, Germany, Armenia, and the
Netherlands.

We`re working on a Scrum process, which includes: Daily meetings, planning,
Reviews, and Retrospectives. Additionally, we have Backlog refinement and
knowledge-sharing sessions to promote continuous improvement and
collaboration.

### _Our stack:_

  * Self-hosted infrastructure (fully managed with Ansible playbooks, Rundeck, Gitlab CI/CD);
  * Docker containers orchestrated by Kubernetes;
  * VMs orchestrated by Proxmox VE;
  * Self-hosted S3, VMs disks storage on CEPH;
  * Kafka;
  * MySQL;
  * Cassandra;
  * Clickhouse;
  * ElasticSearch;
  * Redis
  * Gitlab

###  _We would need your competence to:_

  * Plan and deliver complex infrastructure projects
  * Develop and maintain infrastructure across various cloud environments
  * Contribute to automation, deployment, scaling, and monitoring strategies
  * Work closely with development teams to ensure the availability, reliability, and performance of our platform
  * Maintain data security and confidentiality in compliance with legal and company requirements
  * Rapidly diagnose and resolve technical issues

###  _Required Qualifications:_

  * Minimum of 5 years of experience as a DevOps Engineer or similar role
  * Affinity to IaaC approach 
  * Proficiency in Ansible and self-hosted Kubernetes
  * Expertise in CI/CD with GitLab
  * Strong knowledge of the TCP/IP network stack and experience working with network equipment (Cisco/Arista, FortiGate, HP)
  * Excellent problem-solving ability and strong attention to detail
  * Excellent communication and collaboration skills
  * Upper Intermediate English

###  _Nice-to-have_

  * Experience in implementing, administering, deploying, and monitoring microservice architectures
  * Experience in working with SIEM systems
  * Disaster recovery planning skills