PLVision is seeking motivated 3rd- to 5th-year students eager to kick-start
their software engineering careers. Join us as a QA Automation Trainee
Engineer and dive into a real-world networking project. This role offers
hands-on experience working in real-world development and verification
projects for network tools and platforms.

Under the guidance of our mentors, you’ll tackle live customer tasks from day
one, follow a structured onboarding plan with clear milestones, and receive
continuous feedback to drive your growth. You’ll have the opportunity to build
a flexible schedule that accommodates university and personal commitments,
collaborate in English with international clients during stand-ups and calls,
and get hands-on insight into enterprise-grade, disaggregated network
architectures.

Being part of our expert team will allow you to gain real commercial
experience, sharpen your technical and communication skills, and develop the
confidence needed to take your career to new heights.

At PLVision, we lead meaningful technical projects that make a significant
impact on the open networking industry, helping you build a brighter future.
With over 17 years of expertise and a highly skilled and supportive team, we
are deeply committed to engineering excellence. We provide a rewarding
environment where you can thrive and bring your ideas to life as impactful
software solutions and products. Join us and enjoy a consistent career while
contributing to innovative open networking technologies!

### Responsibilities

  * Work alongside experienced developers and QA engineers
  * Apply newly acquired knowledge and skills related to SONiC/SAI development and verification through hands-on tasks
  * Assist in developing internal tools, automation scripts, and microservices used in networking projects
  * Participate in the design, implementation, and verification of software modules
  * Write unit and integration tests; support CI/CD pipelines
  * Troubleshoot, debug, and improve code quality
  * Contribute to documentation and user guides for internal and customer-facing tools
  * Collaborate with cross-functional teams in Agile/Scrum environments

### Requirements

  * Experience with the Linux environment
  * Basic knowledge of Git
  * Proficiency in Python
  * English level: B1 or higher
  * Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail

### Would be a plus

  * Basic knowledge of computer networking
  * Strong foundational understanding of Docker
  * Practical experience in commercial software development

### About PLVision

PLVision is a European networking software product development company that
helps businesses unlock the full potential of open and disaggregated
technologies. We deliver end-to-end, vendor-agnostic solutions, tailored to
meet client’s specific use cases — enabling greater flexibility, scalability,
and sustainability while ensuring cost control and predictability.

Leveraging strategic partnerships with industry leaders, major hardware
vendors, and membership in key open networking communities, PLVision ensures
delivered software solutions remain future-ready and aligned with the latest
open networking innovations, empowering clients to achieve their business
goals and long-term success.

### Equal Opportunity Statement

PLVision is committed to providing equal employment opportunities and does not
tolerate unlawful discrimination or harassment based on race, color, religion,
age, sex, national origin, or any other protected characteristics. We believe
everyone at PLVision deserves to thrive in an environment where they are
respected, valued, and empowered to reach their full potential and build a
meaningful career.