Ajax Systems is a full-cycle company, working from idea generation and R&D to
mass production and sales. We do everything: we produce physical devices (the
system includes many different sensors and hubs), write firmware for them,
develop the server part, and release mobile and desktop applications.

PRO Desktop meets the needs of every professional working with Ajax security
systems. Facilities profiling and remote configuration, alarm monitoring and
photo verification, staff administering, and a detailed event log — all in
one, intuitive interface.

**Responsibilities:**

— Ajax PRO Desktop development (adding new devices, supporting existing
devices, adding new functionality and features, fixing bugs).

— Architectural decisions and concept development.

— Writing tests.

— Hard bug fixing.

— Inter-commands communications.

**Stack:**

— Python 3, PySide 6, QML, gRPC.

**Must have:**

— 3+ years of experience with Python, including multithreading, asyncio.

— Knowledge of OOP principles and patterns.

— Experience with aiohttp.

— Experience with pytest.

— Experience with gRPC.

**It will be a plus:**

— Experience with QML.

— Experience with PySide/PyQt.

**We offer:**

— Flexible schedule at our offices in Kyiv or Lviv.

— The opportunity to propose and implement own ideas that have an impact on
the product and production.

— Work in a motivated team and zero bullshit culture.

— Competitive salary.

— Medical Insurance.

— Corporate English.

— The opportunity to participate in the beta test project of Ajax security
systems — receiving and testing new gadgets before their release.