### Description

Intellectsoft is a software development company delivering innovative
solutions since 2007. We operate across North America, Latin America, the
Nordic region, the UK, and Europe.We specialize in industries like Fintech,
Healthcare, EdTech, Construction, Hospitality, and more, partnering with
startups, mid-sized businesses, and Fortune 500 companies to drive growth and
scalability. Our clients include Jaguar Motors, Universal Pictures, Harley-
Davidson, Qualcomm, and London Stock Exchange.Together, our team delivers
solutions that make a difference. Learn more at

Transform your approach to application testing by joining a dynamic team
working on an innovative AI-driven automation tool. Contribute to a solution
that eliminates the hassle of manual script updates, employing intelligent
adaptation to seamlessly maintain tests amidst application changes. Be part of
a collaborative environment and play a key role in streamlining the testing
process for enhanced efficiency.

### Requirements

  * Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
  * 5+years of proven experience as a Python Developer, especially with FastAPI, pandas, and PostgreSQL.
  * Solid understanding of API development, data manipulation, and database design principles.
  * Proficiency with Git and familiarity with the software development lifecycle.
  * Strong proficiency in SQL and experience with ORM frameworks (e.g., SQLAlchemy).
  * Hands-on experience with AWS services (e.g., EC2, S3, Lambda, RDS) for application deployment and data processing.
  * Proficiency with TypeScript and React, with the ability and willingness to contribute as a full-stack engineer when needed.
  * Strong problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and ability to work independently.
  * Clear and effective communication skills and a collaborative mindset

**Responsibilities:**

  * Design, implement, and maintain high-performance APIs using FastAPI.
  * Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather and understand project requirements.
  * Utilize pandas to manipulate, clean, and analyze data efficiently.
  * Develop data processing pipelines to support product features and analytics.
  * Contribute to the design and implementation of database schemas and optimized queries using PostgreSQL.
  * Ensure database systems are reliable, performant, and well-maintained.
  * Participate in code reviews to uphold code quality and best practices.
  * Work as part of a collaborative, agile team and contribute to system architecture.
  * Apply basic React knowledge to support front-end integration when needed.

### Benefits

  * 35 absence days per year for work-life balance
  * Udemy courses of your choice
  * English courses with native-speaker
  * Regular soft-skills trainings
  * Excellence Сenters meetups
  * Online/offline team-buildings