**About airSlate**

airSlate is a global SaaS technology company that develops no-code workflow
automation, electronic signature, and document management solutions. Our
award-winning products — **S****ignNow, pdfFiller, DocHub, airSlate WorkFlow,
Instapage, and US Legal Forms** — serve over hundreds of millions of users and
more than one million customers worldwide, helping organizations of every size
digitize processes, improve efficiency, and transform how they work.

We’re in an exciting phase of growth and transformation, with teammates in
more than 20 countries across three continents and main hubs in the **United
States, Poland, Romania, Ukraine and Philippines**.

At airSlate, we’re building value for customers and a culture where growth and
innovation go hand in hand. We’re looking for people eager to shape products,
scale a company, and thrive in a fast-moving environment.

**About the team**

The PPC Development team builds and maintains software that supports pay-per-
click (PPC) advertising across Google, Bing, and other major ad platforms. A
key focus of the team is optimizing and automating the ad bidding process,
including designing smart bidding algorithms and budget allocation optimizers.

In this role, you will design and implement these algorithms end-to-end,
tackling large-scale challenges that directly impact company revenue and ad
performance, while also contributing innovative ideas to enhance the team’s
capabilities.

### What you’ll be working on

    * Design and implement bidding algorithms that optimize CAC, CPA, CTR, and other performance metrics across ad platforms;
    * Develop mathematical models for bid optimization, budget allocation and other constraints;
    * Collaborate with ML team to prototype and productionize ML models for Ad bidding;
    * Continuously monitor and improve algorithm performance through A/B testing and statistical analysis;
    * Work with PPC managers and Marketing stakeholders to align business requirements with Ad bidding processes;
    * As part of PPC development team, participate in integration with Marketing engine platform and PPC tools development.

### What we expect from you

    * Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, or related field. PhD is a plus;
    * Demonstrated **multi-year experience as a Software Engineer** , with a proven track record of delivering production-grade systems;
    * Deep understanding of probability, statistics, optimization, and linear algebra;
    * Solid knowledge of object-oriented programming (OOP) principles and software design patterns;
    * Strong programming skills in**Python** ;
    * Experience with machine learning frameworks and familiarity with reinforcement learning concepts is a plus.

### What helps you rock

    * Experience with Java or PHP is a plus;
    * Knowledge of digital advertising, PPC platforms, or programmatic bidding preferred but not strictly required;
    * Experience with machine learning frameworks and familiarity with reinforcement learning concepts is a plus.

**What we offer:**

**Flexible working environment** — Our teams operate across the globe. We
value in‑person collaboration in our hubs, but we also embrace remote and
hybrid working. You can work from one of our offices in the United States,
Poland, Romania or Ukraine, or remotely from many countries.

**Competitive compensation and stock options** — We offer salaries that
reflect local market conditions and experience, plus a performance-based bonus
system and stock options so you share in the company’s growth.

**Professional growth and learning** — We invest in your development through
courses, conferences, and access to learning resources. We encourage career
growth and internal mobility, supporting teammates who want to explore new
opportunities within airSlate.

**Health and well‑being** — We provide comprehensive benefits tailored to each
country, including health coverage, wellness programmes and access to fitness
options. We also dedicate quarterly company-wide Mental Health Days, when
everyone takes time off to rest and recharge.

**Family‑friendly culture** — Family life is part of who we are, and we
embrace it in many forms. From flexibility for parents to our airSlate Junior
Club for kids, to company-wide family days and our pet-friendly approach,
we’re committed to making work and life easier to balance.

**Giving back** — We support charitable initiatives around the world through
the airSlate Care programme. Our current focus includes humanitarian aid in
Ukraine and other regions, matching employee donations and supporting causes
chosen by our teams.

**Open communication** — We encourage transparent dialogue at all levels. From
team discussions to company-wide Q&A sessions with our CEO, we make sure
everyone has the chance to be heard and to influence how we grow.