### About Revolut

People deserve more from their money. More visibility, more control, and more
freedom. Since 2015, Revolut has been on a mission to deliver just that. Our
powerhouse of products — including spending, saving, investing, exchanging,
travelling, and more — help our 65+ million customers get more from their
money every day.

As we continue our lightning-fast growth,‌ 2 things are essential to our
success: our people and our culture. In recognition of our outstanding
employee experience, we’ve been certified as a Great Place to Work™. So far,
we have 10,000+ people working around the world, from our offices and
remotely, to help us achieve our mission. And we’re looking for more brilliant
people. People who love building great products, redefining success, and
turning the complexity of a chaotic world into the simplicity of a beautiful
solution.

### About the role

This role offers the opportunity to [relocate to Poland, Spain, or the
UAE](https://www.revolut.com/relocation-with-revolut/). You’ll receive support
from Revolut throughout the entire process. Once you move, you’ll have the
flexibility to work remotely or in a hybrid model from an office in Krakow,
Barcelona, Madrid, or Dubai.

Our Technology team builds the systems and experiences that keep Revolut
moving. From the infrastructure behind our innovative app to the features used
by millions of people around the world, they bring sharp thinking, speed, and
a focus on meaningful impact to everything they do.

You may expect our Python Engineers to work on heavily regulated financial
systems, but we love the unexpected. We’re better known internally for writing
high-quality code and building complex novel solutions end to end.

These geniuses created our chatbot — the lovely Rita — and they didn’t stop
there. They’ve also created automated FinCrime quality control in just a few
weeks.

Up for the challenge? Let’s get in touch.

### What you’ll be doing

  * Building APIs, jobs and data pipelines, making sure they’re properly designed and scaled according to business needs
  * Writing event consumers to build new data models to provide this data to new flows and processes

### What you’ll need

  * 5+ years of experience working as a software engineer
  * 3+ years of experience engineering with Python as your primary language
  * An academic background in a STEM subject
  * Fluency in Python, SQL, and other OOPLs
  * Experience with API development and integration
  * A practical understanding of distributed systems
  * The ability to write concurrent code in IO/CPU bound situations
  * Experience with Docker, K8s, Ansible, Teamcity, monitoring, and alerting

### Nice to have

  * Experience with prototyping and sketching
  * Multiple side projects or open source contributions
  * Exposure to GCP

Building a global financial super app isn’t enough. Our Revoluters are a
priority, and that’s why in 2021 we launched our inaugural D&I Framework,
designed to help us thrive and grow everyday. We’re not just doing this
because it’s the right thing to do. We’re doing it because we know that
seeking out diverse talent and creating an inclusive workplace is the way to
create exceptional, innovative products and services for our customers. That’s
why we encourage applications from people with diverse backgrounds and
experiences to join this multicultural, hard-working team.