**N-iX** is looking for **Senior Python Engineer** to join our team! Our
client, **Recorded Future** , leverages massive amounts of data to construct
the valuable insights that keep our customers safe. As cyber threats evolve,
so must our detection capabilities. We continuously create and refine
detection rules to stay ahead of emerging threats, and these detections must
be tailored to the unique environments and needs of our customers for maximum
impact.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Expand our collection reach with new underground (UG) sources, and strengthen our methods by investigating collection issues and fixing the root causes.
  * Solve hard underground data collection problems, such as evading anti-bot methods, coordinating the work of many collector agents, and safely collecting binary data from untrustworthy sources.
  * Build high value analytics on raw data from UG sources. Examples: find networks of actors/accomplices, and highlight notable conversation threads.

**Requirements:**

  * 5+ years experience in software engineering using Python. You write clean, production-grade code that your teammates can easily work with. 
  * Experience with MongoDB.
  * Experience with Kibana, Kafka, RabbitMQ
  * Working experience with ElasticSearch
  * Experience with Selenium, xpath, urllib3
  * Great problem solving capabilities and experience troubleshooting data issues. In UG data collection, you cannot ask the source’s webmaster for tech support!
  * Proactive communication and effective collaboration with your teammates to get technical problems resolved. You are a self-starter. The ball is always in your court.

**Nice to have:**

  * Experience with AWS or other cloud environments
  * Interested in DevOps work
  * Experience with web scraping 
  * Comfortable working in global teams

**We offer*:**

  * Flexible working format — remote, office-based or flexible
  * A competitive salary and good compensation package
  * Personalized career growth
  * Professional development tools (mentorship program, tech talks and trainings, centers of excellence, and more)
  * Active tech communities with regular knowledge sharing
  * Education reimbursement
  * Memorable anniversary presents
  * Corporate events and team buildings
  * Other location-specific benefits

*not applicable for freelancers