**About Us:**

Atto Trading is a dynamic quantitative trading firm at the forefront of global
high-frequency strategies. We are seeking a C++ Software Engineer to join our
growing team.

**This position is open for relocation for in-office presence to Lisbon,
Portugal or remote work from Ukraine, with in-office presence in Kyiv required
once circumstances allow.**

We are expanding an international, diverse team, with experts in trading,
statistics, engineering, and technology. Our disciplined approach combined
with rapid market feedback allows us to quickly turn ideas into profit. Our
environment of learning and collaboration allows us to solve some of the
world’s hardest problems, together. As a small firm, we remain nimble and hold
ourselves to the highest standards of integrity, ingenuity, and effort.  
  
  
**What You’ll Do:**

  * Design and deploy performance-critical components for large-scale trading infrastructure.
  * Develop high-frequency trading (HFT) systems in C++ with an emphasis on low latency and reliability.
  * Write modern, efficient code using the latest C++ standards.
  * Interface directly with cutting-edge networking hardware via kernel-bypassing drivers.
  * Conduct performance research to push the boundaries of our platform’s speed and scalability.  
  

**What We’re Looking For:**

  * 3+ years of hands-on experience with C++ development.
  * Deep understanding of C++ standards (C++14, C++17; C++20 is a strong plus).
  * Hands-on experience with Python and/or Bash scripting.
  * Proficiency with Linux environments and system-level programming.
  * Solid grasp of multithreading, IPC, and concurrent systems.
  * Strong skills in latency and throughput optimization, including experience with profiling and PGO.
  * Knowledge of OOP and software design patterns.
  * Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical field.
  * Excellent attention to detail, with a critical and quality-focused mindset.
  * Comfortable working independently or in small teams in a dynamic, high-speed environment.
  * Strong communication skills and upper-intermediate (or higher) English proficiency.
  * Curiosity and passion for financial markets and trading.  
  

**Nice to have:**

  * Experience developing high-performance, low-latency systems on Linux.
  * Familiarity with OS internals and kernel-level networking.
  * Understanding of financial instruments such as stocks, ETFs, futures, or options.
  * Protocol-level networking knowledge (TCP/UDP/IP stack insights are a plus).

**What we Offer:**

  * Opportunities to grow your skills and develop professionally
  * Challenging and interesting tasks
  * Competitive pay
  * Paid time-off
  * Coverage of health insurance costs 
  * Monthly mental health budget
  * Performance-based bonuses
  * Modern office in city center with paid lunches and parking spaces

**Our motivation:**

We are a company committed to staying at the forefront of technology. Our team
is passionate about continual learning and improvement. With no external
investors or customers, we are the primary users of the products we create,
giving you the opportunity to make a real impact on our company’s growth.

Ready to advance your career? Join our innovative team and help shape the
future of trading on a global scale. Apply now and let’s create the future
together!