**Somco Software and our values**

We are one of the most widely recognized Qt consulting companies. As this
framework is our main area of expertise, there are not many related fields and
topics that we haven’t touch. We work mostly on the projects from the medical
industry, but also automotive, electronics and IoT. Our projects target
embedded boards, desktops and mobiles.

We have organized the company around three values, and we try to make all
decisions based on them.

  * **People** — This value is not only about cultural fit and caring for employees, but also about building a positive atmosphere, trust among team members, being able to influence the shape of the company and ensuring stability.
  * **Professionalism** — In our company it means not only a conscientious and responsible approach to assigned tasks, but also striving for the highest quality of work, punctuality, ambition for continuous development and effective communication in the team.
  * **Ethics** — At Somco Software, ethics manifests itself by building relationships based on mutual respect and consideration for both employees and customers, pursuing honorable solutions, and dealing empathetically with different situations.

We are looking for an experienced professional who not only shares our values
but is also highly skilled in **Qt, QML, and C++** programming.

**Our requirements**

  * 4+ years of commercial experience in C++ development
  * Great expertise in Qt framework with at least 3 years of hands-on experience
  * Qt Quick and QML is your daily bread
  * You are on with CMake
  * Strong expertise in PySide 6
  * When you were a kid you fell into the cauldron of new C++ standards
  * Experience in various communication techniques (Bluetooth, MQTT, OPC UA, Serial)
  * You’re experienced in using Qt on embedded platforms
  * You are disciplined and able to self-organize
  * You get along fluently in English and natively in Polish
  * You are currently based in Poland — this is a must due to legal, logistical and team collaboration reasons

**Nice to have**

  * Experience in Rust
  * Experience in electronics, micro-controllers and bare-metal programming
  * Experience in 3D technologies (Qt 3D, Qt Quick 3D, Unreal Engine)
  * Experience with OpenCV and computer vision libraries
  * Knowledge of native technologies for iOS and/or Android
  * Any skills that would broaden our in-house expertise

**What do we offer?**

  * Remote or hybrid work model (our office is located in Zielonka near Warsaw)
  * Flexible working hours
  * Paid working hours for self-development
  * Opportunity to develop the skills in Qt and related fields
  * Work on varied and often avangarde projects
  * Great atmosphere and a cohesive team (our team building trips are legendary)
  * Referral program
  * Multisport program

### Required languages

EnglishB2 — Upper Intermediate

### About Somco Software

We specialize in software development for Quality Industries, with a primary
focus on the medical sector. Our expertise lies in creating complete software
solutions for embedded platforms, desktop applications, as well as mobile and
web applications. We are recognized experts in C++, Qt, and QML technologies.