Skylum allows millions of photographers to make incredible images faster. Our
award-winning software automates photo editing with the power of AI yet leaves
all the creative control in the hands of the artist.  
Join us on our mission to make photo editing enjoyable, easy, and accessible
to anyone. You’ll be developing products with innovative technologies,
providing value and inspiration for customers, and getting inspired in return.

Thanks to our incredible team of experts, we’ve built a collaborative space
where you can constantly develop and grow in a supportive way. At the same
time, we believe in the freedom to be creative. Our work schedule is flexible,
and we trust you to give your best while we provide you with everything you
need to make work hassle-free. Skylum is proud to be a Ukrainian company, and
we stand with Ukraine not only with words but with actions. We regularly
donate to various organizations to help speed up the Ukrainian victory.

**Role mission:**

You will be responsible for developing the image processing solutions that are
the base for intelligent photo-editing ability, contributing to the cross-
platform library that works on all modern platforms like desktop, mobile, and
web.

**What we expect:**

  * At least 2+ years of professional experience with C++ development (C++17/C++20);
  * Strong problem-solving and analytical skills;
  * Ability to clearly define goals, decompose tasks, and estimate effort effectively;
  * Good communication and teamwork abilities.  
  

**Would be a plus:**

  * Experience with graphics APIs (Vulkan, Metal);
  * Familiarity with machine learning inference frameworks (OpenVINO, DirectML, CoreML);
  * Background in embedded systems development.
  * Experience in computer vision, image processing, video processing

**What we offer:**

**For personal growth:**

  * A chance to work with a strong team and a unique opportunity to make substantial contributions to our award-winning photo editing tools;
  * An educational allowance to ensure that your skills stay sharp;
  * English and German classes to strengthen your capabilities and widen your knowledge.

**For comfort:**

  * A great environment where you’ll work with true professionals and amazing colleagues whom you’ll quickly call friends;
  * The choice of working remotely or in our cozy office space located in Kyiv’s Podil, equipped with everything you might need for productive and comfortable work.
  * The office is prepared for productive work in any conditions, including blackouts, since there are Starlinks, uninterruptible network connections, and two internet providers.
  * There are also additional co-working spaces for the team in Lisbon and Warsaw.

**For health:**

  * Medical insurance (for UA-based employees);
  * Twenty-one days of paid sick leave per year;
  * Paid psychological support (6 psychotherapy specialists to choose from)

**For leisure:**

  * Twenty-one days of paid vacation per year;
  * Fun times at our frequent team-building activities.

If you are looking forward to working with true professionals and simply
wonderful people and create an amazing product — we are waiting for your CV!