NVIDIA’s Networking Unit is seeking for a **Junior C/C++ Firmware Verification
Engineer** to drive the validation and quality assurance of firmware running
on our next-generation Network Interface Controllers (NICs) and Data
Processing Units (DPUs). You will play an important role in ensuring our
firmware is robust, performant, and production-ready across all stages of
development — from pre-silicon through post-silicon and deployment.

###  **What we offer:**

  * 36 days of paid vacation a year, weekends on all public holidays, paid sick leaves, company paid parental leave for mothers and fathers.
  * The most competitive salary on the market.
  * NVIDIA shares (RSU and ESPP).
  * Premium medical insurance for employees and their children/spouses.
  * Life insurance.
  * Professional courses at Ivy League Universities.
  * Trainings and lectures.
  * English or other languages classes.
  * Personalized career development plan.
  * Wellbeing programs.
  * Annual performance, position, and salary reviews.
  * Remote/hybrid or office work in the comfortable office in the city center (Leonardo Business Centre, near metro Teatralna and Zoloti Vorota).
  * Parking.
  * And these are not all the benefits that you will receive by joining NVIDIA!

### **What you’ll be doing:**

  * Assist in development of firmware verification infrastructure in C/C++.
  * Develop automated tests to validate new firmware features, stress edge cases, and catch regressions early.
  * Participate in code reviews, design reviews, and SCRUM activities.

### **What you should know** :

  * 2+ years of experience or strong academic background in C/C++ software development (development for embedded systems is a plus).
  * Feel comfortable with Linux-based environments, and version control systems (Git/Gerrit).
  * Good spoken and written English (Intermediate or higher).
  * Willingness and ability to learn new technologies, perform research, and analyze tasks.
  * Strong analytical and debugging skills, experience with scripting (Python, Bash) and good problem-solving skills.

### Ways to stand out from the crowd:

  * Knowledge of networking concepts, protocols, or troubleshooting.
  * Interest in research and development (R&D) and enthusiasm for learning in a fast-paced, evolving environment.
  * Interest to test case design or test automation tools and frameworks.
  * Familiarity with development tools: build systems, Linux administration, and scripting languages like Bash or Python.