**Check Point** is looking for a **Middle C++/GO Developer** to team
developing platform in cybersecurity and SaaS for simplifying network security
for the modern and distributed workforce by transforming the outdated,
complex, hardware-based network security technologies of the past into one
unified, easy-to-use, and scalable software solution. You will be part of
multi-national distributed team responsible for multiple desktop and mobile
device agents.

Join to our international team with offices in New York, Los Angeles, Tel-Aviv
and Vinnytsia.

**RESPONSIBILITIES**

  * Writing scalable, robust, testable, efficient, and easily maintainable code and services that are part of our Core Network as a Service components.
  * Develop advanced services of cloud network solutions.
  * Maintain high-performing, scalable, and testable code.
  * Practice peer review and collaborative programming.

**SKILLS**

  * 3+ years of experience with C++/GO/C/Python development.
  * 3+ years of professional software engineering experience.
  * Experience with networking protocols, routing, tunneling, etc. 
  * Experience with architecture and design of distributed services/microservices / scalable solutions.
  * Experience in a cloud environment.
  * Experience with NoSQL databases.
  * BSc in Computer Science / Software Engineering or equivalent.
  * Upper-Intermediate level of English.

**WE OFFER**

  * Work in a creative friendly environment using cutting-edge technologies.
  * Work-life balance and flexible schedule.
  * Competitive compensation with focus on your expectations; annual salary review.
  * 24-day paid vacation and 100% paid sick leave.
  * Financial support and legal support for individual entrepreneurs from our side.
  * Professional, language and soft skills trainings.
  * Health insurance coverage: individual and family, Fitness plan.