### RESPONSIBILITIES

> We are seeking a motivated Technical Gameplay Director to join our team. You
> will lead a team of experienced Gameplay / AI Programmers and coordinate the
> work of our cross-functional Engine team. You will also take responsibility
> for setting a high-level vision and work closely with all disciplines to
> deliver on the overall game.
>
> Identify issues, propose solutions, and potentially execute on process
> improvements to maximize efficiency across all departments.

  * Be the technical stakeholder for a new project and set us up for success.
  * Establish strategies for future technical development.
  * Initiate, estimate, and track implementation of gameplay and AI mechanics in line with needs of the game.
  * Set up the project structure and build specifications for a AAA game engine.
  * Guide the design and implementation of data validation, and build tools.
  * Identify promising technical collaborations between all projects.
  * Outline technical requirements for project needs.
  * Rapidly prototype feature ideas and then properly implement those once they’re determined to be final.
  * Facilitate communication both within and across disciplines, and facilitate and encourage sharing of technical knowledge and code between projects and divisions.
  * Support and work with Technical Directors of other projects.
  * Keep track of the code’s quality and style.
  * Write clean, professional, and maintainable code.
  * Take part in code reviews.

### REQUIREMENTS

  * 5+ years’ game industry experience with complex game development projects. Must have experience of work on at least one AAA console project.
  * Strong technical understanding with solid professional knowledge in C/C++ programming.
  * Practical experience from different areas of game development as well as industry experience working as a Lead Programmer or Technical Director.
  * Vast knowledge of software development practices.
  * Proven team management and inter-discipline communication skills.
  * Experience with one of modern game engines.
  * Experience with multiplatform development.
  * Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science.
  * Excellent math skills.
  * Excellent leadership, organization, and problem-solving skills.
  * Self-motivated, driven individual — able to identify problems and execute on solutions.
  * Fluent in English.

### Preferences

  * Rendering technology experience e.g. DirectX, OpenGL.
  * Rendering technology development experience e.g. shadowing, reflections, depth of field.
  * Passion for games.

### COMPREHENSIVE BENEFITS PACKAGE AVAILABLE