**Title of project:**

American company that creates innovative digital forensics applications.

**Project description:**

American company that creates innovative digital forensics applications for
global law enforcement agencies, legal firms, the defense sector, and private
corporations. We are seeking a talented and motivated manual tester to join
our expanding team and work in the exciting and ever-evolving fields of
digital forensics, eDiscovery, cybersecurity, and tactical site exploitation.

The position requires working from our office in Lviv.

**Requirements:**

  * 4+ years of C++ development on Windows working on complex algorithms, file and data structure parsing, file and data processing, multithreading, RPC, databases, ORM, and code optimization;
  * Consistently write unit tests;
  * Experience with Windows API and macOS API;
  * Experience with Python;
  * Experience with code instrumentation (xperf or others);
  * Experience with SQLite and Elasticsearch;
  * Upper-Intermediate English.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Write C++ modules to connect to mobile devices (libimobiledevice, adb) and computers (gRPC);
  * Write C++ modules to transfer data from a variety of devices (Android, iOS, macOS, Windows);
  * Write C++ modules to process and search the collected data. -Organize code into services to be executed in our different environments (desktop, on-premise server, SaaS environment);
  * Develop unit tests for each component as part of our CI platform;
  * Instrument the code to achieve the highest runtime performance;
  * Perform adequate validation of code before passing it to QA.

**Working conditions:**

  * Compensation for sick leaves (10 days with 50% of compensation), vacation (20 days per year)
  * Compensation for specialized courses, training, etc. (from 30% to 100%) — on hold
  * Compensation for specialized software (from 30% to 100%) — on hold
  * Bonus for sports activities (up to 50% paid by the company) — on hold
  * English lessons
  * Massage at the office
  * Lawyer Services
  * Car and bike parking lots
  * Helping with registration and management of the PE
  * IT Club Loyalty Program Membership
  * Team buildings, pizza, and beer parties, corporate events
  * Coffee, milk, and cookies at the office