NVIDIA Networking Unit is looking for a **Senior C/C++ Software Engineer** to
join our team that works on NVIDIA NIC/DPU. You will be responsible for
designing and implementing new features for our core products in the
networking area. If you’re creative, responsible, hardworking, and autonomous,
we want to hear from you!

**What we offer:**

  * 36 days of paid vacation a year, weekends on all public holidays, paid sick leaves, company paid parental leave for mothers and fathers.
  * The most competitive salary on the market.
  * NVIDIA stock.
  * Premium medical insurance for employees and their children/spouses.
  * Life insurance.
  * Professional courses at Ivy League Universities.
  * Trainings and lectures.
  * English or other languages classes.
  * Personalized career development plan.
  * Wellbeing programs.
  * Annual performance, position, and salary reviews.
  * Remote/hybrid or office work in the comfortable office in the city center (Leonardo Business Centre, near metro Teatralna and Zoloti Vorota).
  * Parking.
  * And these are not all the benefits that you will receive by joining NVIDIA!

**What you’ll be doing:**

  * Design and implement new features in NIC/DPU firmware design and verification.
  * Participate in implementing the new standards and protocols in data center management technologies.
  * Launch new hardware, and make sure our new products are secure, reliable, and fast.
  * Work with various teams inside NVIDIA and share technologies across many products.
  * Work on the new features starting from the pre-silicon stage and during the entire product life stages.

**What you should know:**

  * 5+ years of hands-on experience in C/C++ software development (experience with embedded systems, binary network protocols).
  * English — Advanced Level.
  * High ability to learn new things, do research, and analysis of tasks.
  * Effective cross-team collaboration and communication, being a team-player, SCRUM-oriented.
  * Ability to inspect and improve the code, processes, and architecture of the existing systems, deliver high-quality code.
  * Strong background in designing, implementing, debugging and testing complex software.

**Ways to stand out from the crowd:**

  * **Strong expertise in networking** : familiarity with Nvidia’s networking solutions, in-depth understanding of networking management protocols, network troubleshooting, ability to provide optimal solutions for complex, network-centric environments.
  * **R &D mindset**: ability to work in past-paced, evolving environments with technologies. Skilled at collaborating cross-functionally with other teams and partnering with architects to anticipate, explore, and define edge cases in specifications, ensuring future-proof and scalable solutions.
  * **Proficient in test automation and test case design** : Strong ability to design comprehensive and efficient test cases, ensuring coverage of edge cases and critical scenarios. Experienced in developing and maintaining automated testing frameworks to validate functionality, performance, and reliability, streamlining the QA process and improving overall software quality.
  * **Excellent knowledge of development tools** : build systems, version control systems (Git, Gerrit), Linux administration, and shell scripting (Bash, Python).