NVIDIA has been transforming computer graphics, PC gaming, and accelerated
computing for more than 25 years. It’s a unique legacy of innovation that’s
fueled by great technology and amazing people. Today, we’re tapping into the
unlimited potential of AI to define the next era of computing. An era in which
our GPU acts as the brains of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that
can understand the world. Doing what’s never been done before takes vision,
innovation, and the world’s best talent. As an NVIDIAN, you’ll be immersed in
a diverse, supportive environment where everyone is inspired to do their best
work. Come join the team and see how you can make a lasting impact on the
world.

We are looking for a passionate Firmware Engineer to join our NIC Firmware
Core team. You will be joining a team whose primary mission is to work on
innovative networking adapters technologies and take the success of the
current and next NVIDIA networking devices to the next level using a wide
range of platforms — C layer between HW and FW, C++ OOP verification
environment and automation challenges.

**What we offer:**

  * 36 days of paid vacation a year, weekends on all public holidays, paid sick leaves, company paid parental leave for mothers and fathers.
  * The most competitive salary on the market.
  * NVIDIA stock (RSU and Employee Stock Purchaise plan).
  * Premium medical insurance for employees and their children/spouses.
  * Life insurance.
  * Family forming programs (adoption, surrogacy, donor assistance, fertility assistance).
  * Wellbeing programs.
  * Professional courses at Ivy League Universities.
  * Trainings and lectures.
  * English or other languages classes.
  * Personalized career development plan.
  * Annual performance, position, and salary reviews.
  * Remote/hybrid or office work in the comfortable office in the city center (Leonardo Business Centre, near metro Teatralna and Zoloti Vorota).
  * Parking.
  * And these are not all the benefits that you will receive by joining NVIDIA!

**What you’ll be doing:**

— Develop firmware for NVIDIA’s next generation network products (NICs and
DPUs).  
— Develop tests and automation for FW verification.  
— Debugging HW/FW/SW issues.  
— Take active part in silicon bring up.  
— Collaborate with distributed teams across the all world.

**What we need to see:**

— Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science / Software Engineering /
Computer engineering or equivalent.  
— 5+ years with design and development software.  
— Proven understanding in C language.  
— Strong problem solving, debugging, analysis and logical reasoning skills.  
— Strong communication skills (spoken English).  
— Self-learning, delving into new areas fast.

**Ways to stand out from the crowd:**

— Debugging experience and ability to investigate and prioritize difficult
problems in embedded FW.  
— Experience with scripting & programming languages, particularly Python and
C++.  
— Experience in Ethernet, InfiniBand protocols.  
— Experience in Linux, RTOS and other embedded platforms.

It’s not just technology, though! It is our people, some of the brightest in
the world. At the center of NVIDIA’s culture are our core values like
innovation, perfection, determination, and teamwork, which guide us to be the
best we can be. This makes NVIDIA one of the most innovative and dynamic
places to work. We do our life’s work here, and if you are creative and
driven, we want to hear from you.