Skylum allows millions of photographers to make incredible images faster. Our
award-winning software automates photo editing with the power of AI yet leaves
all the creative control in the hands of the artist.  
Join us on our mission to make photo editing enjoyable, easy, and accessible
to anyone. You’ll be developing products with innovative technologies,
providing value and inspiration for customers, and getting inspired in return.

Thanks to our incredible team of experts, we’ve built a collaborative space
where you can constantly develop and grow in a supportive way. At the same
time, we believe in the freedom to be creative. Our work schedule is flexible,
and we trust you to give your best while we provide you with everything you
need to make work hassle-free. Skylum is proud to be a Ukrainian company, and
we stand with Ukraine not only with words but with actions. We regularly
donate to various organizations to help speed up the Ukrainian victory.

**Role mission:**

You will be responsible for developing the image processing solutions that are
the base for intelligent photo-editing ability, contributing to the cross-
platform library that works on all modern platforms like desktop, mobile, and
web.

**Skills we look for:**

  * At least 4 years of professional C++ development experience;
  * Experience in image processing or computer vision/computer graphics field;
  * The ability to formulate and set goals clearly focusing on the result of work and time constraints withstanding;
  * Proficiency in decomposition and further estimation of the scope of problems with a realistic duration of work;
  * Good communication and coordination skills;
  * Analytical mindset.

**Would be a plus:**

  * Mobile development experience (JNI);
  * Experience with graphics accelerators (Vulkan, Metal);
  * Experience with image and video processing algorithms and frameworks (OpenCV, and AccelerateFramework);
  * Experience with one of the ml-inferencing frameworks (openVINO, DirectML, CoreML);
  * Experience with profiler (DTrace, VTune);
  * Experience in writing high-performance code.

**What we offer:**

**For personal growth:**

  * A chance to work with a strong team and a unique opportunity to make substantial contributions to our award-winning photo editing tools;
  * An educational allowance to ensure that your skills stay sharp;
  * English and German classes to strengthen your capabilities and widen your knowledge.

**For comfort:**

  * A great environment where you’ll work with true professionals and amazing colleagues whom you’ll call friends quickly;
  * The choice of working remotely or in our office space located on Podil, equipped with everything you might need for productive and comfortable work.

**For health:**

  * Medical insurance;
  * Twenty-one days of paid sick leave per year;
  * Healthy fruit snacks full of vitamins to keep you energized.

**For leisure:**

  * Twenty-one days of paid vacation per year;
  * Corporate events at least two times per year.