We are seeking an experienced Computer Vision Engineer to lead the design and
implementation of a low-latency video pipeline for an embedded system
integrated with UAVs. You will shape the technical vision and execution for
this greenfield project.

**What you’ll do:**

— Architect and build end-to-end video processing pipeline, including:

  * Multi-camera data capture.
  * Image processing (e.g., contrast enhancement, denoising, sharpening).
  * Feature detection and tracking.
  * Image stabilization.
  * Video encoding and streaming.

— Develop performant and fault-tolerant software utilizing modern language
editions and third-party libraries:

  * C++17/20/23.
  * Rust is allowed and encouraged.

— Select appropriate libraries and APIs.

— Take initiative in problem-solving and collaborate directly with electrical
and mechanical engineers to integrate and optimize the system.

**Requirements:**

  * 5+ years of modern C++ or Rust.
  * Experience designing and implementing computer vision systems using efficient algorithms.
  * Experience with GPU-accelerated image processing (OpenCV, CUDA/OpenCL, OpenGL/Vulkan, or their equivalents).
  * A track record of collaboration in multi-disciplinary engineering environments.

**Desirable competencies:**

  * Embedded SoM platforms (e.g., NVIDIA Jetson).
  * Direct video capture (e.g., MIPI CSI).
  * SightLine video processors and their pipeline architecture.
  * V4L2, FFmpeg, GStreamer, H.265/HEVC, MPEG-TS.
  * Background in Visual Odometry or Visual-Inertial Odometry (VO/VIO).
  * Knowledge of neural networks and other machine learning techniques applicable to computer vision.

**We offer:**

  * Work from R&D office in Kyiv
  * Military service deferment for eligible employees with valid military registration documents
  * The opportunity to contribute to the development of defense and high-tech innovations in Ukraine
  * Job type: full-time, schedule 5/2 (10–19 or 9–18)
  * Official employment (gig-contract)
  * 24 days of paid annual leave
  * All necessary computer equipment and work-related tools
  * Office equipped with a generator and a stable internet connection

**Interview process:**

  1. Recruiting interview — 45 min
  2. Technical interview — 1.5 hours
  3. Final interview in the office — 45 min

Please send your CV and we will come back to you within 5 working days in case
your skills are suitable.