We’re on the hunt for a **Product Manager** who will take our products to the
next level. From strategy and research to launch and scaling, you’ll be at the
heart of building user-focused solutions across mobile and web.

At EXMO, you’ll work on exciting features like onboarding, crypto & fiat
payments, investment tools. It’s your chance to make a real impact in a fast-
growing international company, surrounded by a team of innovators who move
quickly and think big.

If you thrive in a dynamic environment, love turning ideas into products, and
want to drive growth in one of the most exciting industries — we want to hear
from you!

### **Your tasks 🧑‍💻**

  * Manage the full product lifecycle — from research and strategy to launch, optimization, and scaling (mobile apps and web).
  * Prepare and maintain product documentation (BRD/PRD/specifications, backlog, user stories).
  * Develop and enhance key features, including onboarding, deposits & withdrawals (fiat/crypto), investment products, user security mechanisms, blog, and utilities of the native platform token.
  * Collaborate cross-functionally with developers, QA engineers, designers, analysts, content, and marketing teams.

**What you’ll need:**

  * 3+ years of experience as a Product Manager.
  * Proven experience in crypto / blockchain products (must-have).
  * Experience managing the full product lifecycle (research → launch → scaling).
  * Strong analytical skills and ability to translate insights into product requirements.
  * Skilled in writing product docs (BRD, PRD, backlog, user stories).
  * Excellent teamwork with tech, design, analytics, and marketing.
  * Upper-Intermediate English.

**It would be great if you have:**

  * Basic understanding of SQL or analytics tools.
  * Background in launching mobile apps at scale.

### **We offer**

  * 20 vacation days per year to recharge and unwind.
  * 10 additional days off per year without needing a medical certificate.
  * Gym and English course compensation.
  * A modern, comfortable office in the vibrant city of Krakow.
  * Perks that support your personal and professional development.
  * Extra day off and a monetary bonus for special occasions: your birthday, your child’s birthday, or your wedding.
  * A friendly, and passionate team of professionals eager to welcome a new peer!

### **Recruitment Process**

  1. Introductory meeting with HR to learn more about you and your experience.
  2. Meeting with our CEO to dive into the specifics of the role.
  3. Test task
  4. Meeting with founders to align on vision and values.
  5. Security and reference check.
  6. Offer!