**Ciklum** is looking for a **Middle Product Manager** to join our team full-
time in Ukraine.

We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational
organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business
challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers,
consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that
redefines industries and shapes the way people live.

**About the role:**

As a Middle Product Manager, become a part of a cross-functional development
team engineering experiences of tomorrow. This role will lead innovation and
product development within our restaurant proposition across 19 countries,
helping customers complete and manage their order effortlessly.  
As part of the Order Experience team, you will help develop our future product
roadmap to elevate the customer experience, helping customers globally get
their takeaways delivered just the way they want.

## Responsibilities:

You will work closely with your cross functional team and stakeholders across
the business to identify, refine and deliver meaningful value in our
marketplace, whilst also balancing supporting other departments in building
new propositions within our ecosystem.  
As our newest product manager to the team, you will enjoy working in a fast-
paced environment where you are challenged to think big, and deliver impactful
products, collaborating with product managers across the space to ensure we
consistently learn, thrive and grow.

## Requirements:

  * Desire and ability to have a big impact, alongside humility and teamwork to ensure we do what’s right overall, not just what we think is right
  * Ability to balance qualitative and quantitative insights, with the confidence to know when things will need to be tested further to be validated, and when time to market is more important to generate value
  * A curious mindset that always looks to understand every part of our marketplace, and all the different products, technologies and processes that underpin it
  * A strong sense of customer empathy combined with strategic thinking. Understanding how marketplaces require a balance between multiple variables and stakeholders at all times
  * Be comfortable and confident in navigating complex stakeholder landscapes, aligning cross-functional teams around shared goals, and balancing competing priorities
  * Excellent communication skills, characterized by positivity and empathy, capable of driving change and building consensus across the organization
  * Ability to identify the necessary information required to make an informed decision, and bring stakeholders together on the journey to ensure we are making the most effective choices collectively
  * Track record of driving positive change to the product culture of an organization, supporting others around you to be the best they can be

## What’s in it for you?

  * Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door environment
  * Growth focus: Take on large-scale projects with a global impact and expand your expertise
  * Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
  * Endless opportunities: Explore diverse domains through internal mobility, finding the best fit to gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies
  * Flexibility: Enjoy radical flexibility — work remotely or from an office, your choice
  * Care: We’ve got you covered with company-paid medical insurance, mental health support, and financial & legal consultations

**About us:**

At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to
achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with
cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a
One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.  
  
As one of Ukraine’s largest IT companies and a top employer recognized by
Forbes, we’ve spent over 20 years delivering meaningful tech solutions. We
proudly support diverse talent and military veterans, recognizing their unique
skills and perspectives they bring to shaping the future.  
  
Want to learn more about us? Follow us on **[
_Instagram_](https://www.instagram.com/ciklum/),
[_Facebook_](https://www.facebook.com/Ciklum/),
[_LinkedIn_](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ciklum/)**.

**Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!**

Interested already?  
We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. Can’t wait to see
you at Ciklum.