**Product that needs your engagement**

Skyvia is a versatile no-code SaaS cloud platform designed for data
integration, automation, backup, management, and connectivity. It offers
support for over 200+ connectors, including popular cloud applications like
CRMs, marketing tools, support systems, and management solutions, as well as
databases and data warehouses.  

**Your future challenges**

You will drive the development and continuous improvement of products by
shaping the vision, strategy, and roadmap, acting as a bridge between
stakeholders and development teams to ensure alignment with business
objectives and customer needs.

**Impact you will make**

  * Track competitors and industry trends to identify opportunities and anticipate market shifts 
  * Prioritize features by balancing immediate customer needs with long-term strategic objectives 
  * Define and continuously refine the product roadmap to stay aligned with business goals 
  * Contribute to product positioning, pricing, and packaging decisions 
  * Write and refine user stories with clear acceptance criteria 
  * Coordinate feature launches with alignment across marketing, sales, and support teams 
  * Participate in presales and onboarding stages 
  * Monitor SaaS and revenue metrics 
  * Define, refine, and track key product metrics 
  * Analyze user behavior and usage patterns to identify growth opportunities 
  * Build hypotheses, run experiments, and measure outcomes   

**Skills we are looking for**

  * 2+ years of experience in product management, business analysis, or a related field, with a proven track record of delivering successful digital products 
  * Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics, or a related field. Certifications in Agile methodologies, or Product Management (e.g., Reforge) are a plus 
  * English — Upper-Intermediate or higher 
  * Strong expertise in Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban) 
  * Ability to write clear and detailed user stories 
  * Experience in backlog management and prioritization 
  * Basic understanding of UX/UI principles 
  * Strong stakeholder communication and requirement gathering skills 
  * Experience collaborating with development teams 
  * Ability to define and track product KPIs 
  * Data-driven decision-making and experience with A/B testing 
  * Market research and competitive analysis expertise 
  * Product roadmap planning and execution experience   

**Benefits you get**

  * **Maintain your work-life balance**

Manage your own working hours with our **flexible schedule**

**19** business days of annual leave

**No** overtimes required

  * **Hybrid type of cooperation**

Whether you prefer to work **remotely** in the comfort of your home office or
from one of our 4 offices, you can still take part in increasing the world`s
awareness about quality Ukrainian products from any part of the world

  * **Stay healthy**

**Medical insurance** from one of the top insurance companies in Ukraine with
a wide range of included services, as well as special programs for relatives;
and special options for those who live abroad.

15 working days of **sick leave** per year — because your health is a
priority.

  * **Grow with us**

**In-house English courses** — increase your proficiency through our online
courses and speaking clubs with a native speaker

**Online learning activities** — workshops, lectures, and webinars to enhance
your leadership, management, and self-awareness skills

**Experience exchange** — we are proud of our team of professionals who gladly
share their deep expertise in all kinds of fields with the rest of the team

**Promotions, rotations, and transitions** — when you believe your skills
could benefit a different role or team.

  * **Stand with Ukraine!**

We have an active **pro-Ukrainian** position, and that means we help our army,
our servicemen, and their families not only through constant donations and
volunteering, but also through our military leave policy, special health
insurance options, and financial help

**We are a perfect match if you share our values**

We are **professionals** in our field.

We know how to turn up our professionalism to the maximum, because we are
experts who enjoy solving complex tasks.

We know how to focus on the product, think big, and at the same time delve
deep into the details.

We create a **calm** and **friendly** atmosphere within the company.

We value the freedom of open and transparent communications.

Radical honesty is embedded in the foundation of our culture.

We are **open to new things** and constantly develop and practice regular
knowledge sharing, which helps us evolve continuously.

Most importantly, the company creates an environment where we can fulfill our
potential upon a solid foundation.  

**Our Hiring Process**

  * Recruitment Interview 
  * Technical Interview 
  * Offer Call 

We strive to ensure transparency and openness in the hiring process, and we
understand the importance of providing timely feedback. If your resume meets
the job requirements, we will contact you to clarify details and schedule an
interview within 2 weeks after your application is submitted.

The timeframe for feedback between interview stages may take up to 2 weeks.