**Ready for a career upgrade?**

As part of this journey, we’re looking for a **Golang Developer** who excited
about solving real tech challenges. We offer a product-focused environment,
growth opportunities, and the freedom to make engineering decisions that
matter.  
  
**We are open to considering PHP developers who want to learn Golang.  
**

**What you’ll be doing:**

— Implementing new features and functionality in the application;

— Delivering developed code to production while ensuring its quality and
performance;

— Actively participating in discussions about architecture, approaches, and
best practices;

— Maintaining system stability by monitoring its performance and responding to
alerts;

— Conducting code reviews, mentoring team members, and sharing knowledge
within the team.  
  

**Skills you’ll apply:**

— At least 3 years of experience with Golang, including web server
development, concurrency, and context handling;

— Proficiency in SQL/NoSQL databases, including understanding indexes,
transactions, and query optimization;

— Solid knowledge of design patterns, clean architecture principles, and SOLID
design;

— Experience with MongoDB, MySQL/PostgreSQL;

— Knowledge of Queuing systems such as RabbitMQ or Kafka.

— Familiarity with Redis.

— Highload systems, including database locks, concurrency, isolation levels,
and replication.

— Familiarity with SOA/Microservices architecture and REST API development.

— Strong communication skills and a proactive approach to work.

— Intermediate level of English or higher.  
  

**Additional Considerations:**

— We are open to considering PHP developers who are willing to learn and work
with Go.

**Bonus points:  
**

— Experience with PHP and Symfony;

— Knowledge of GraphQL;

— Familiarity with Kubernetes (K8s) and Google Cloud Platform (GCP).

  
**A few words about us:**

We are a **product-driven company** actively expanding our presence in the
**iGaming** market. Our mission is to create **technologically advanced,
flexible modular solutions** for the industry.

Our key product is a **gaming SaaS platform** that integrates **200+
services** and provides the best gaming experience for millions of players
worldwide. It includes everything iGaming operators need: **game management,
payments, analytics, CRM, and more**.

Now, we are actively developing our **B2B segment** and entering the **global
market**. Want to grow with us?  
  

**What we offer:**

**Flexible schedule** —work from home, the office, or hybrid. **Extra day off
for your birthday** — take a break any day within the month. **Competitive
compensation** that matches your skills. **Medical insurance** (in Ukraine)
and health support. **20 paid vacation days** \+ an additional **15 personal
leave days**. **22 sick leave days** , including mental health days. **Gifts
and support** for life’s key moments (wedding, childbirth, kindergarten).
**Professional development** — conferences, training, courses, and learning
opportunities. We care about your comfort and h**elp you maintain work-life
balance**!  
  

**What’s next?**

  1. **HR interview**
  2. **Technical interview**
  3. **Final interview**   
  

Additional steps may include an **interview with the department head, a test
assignment, and a security check**.

Feel like this is the right fit? **Send your resume—we’re waiting for you!**