Simulmedia is seeking an experienced Senior Golang Engineer to join our Core
Platform team. In this role, you will develop and ensure the
performance/reliability of backend systems and services, supporting PlayerWON
— our engagement & monetization platform for Free-To-Play (F2P) console & PC
games, that lets game publishers & developers drive lifetime value and in-game
spending through rewarded video.

**This position is located in either Kyiv or Lviv, Ukraine. The team is
located in both Kyiv and Lviv, and primarily works remotely with occasional
team meetings in Lviv and/or Kyiv office.**

**Key Responsibilities:**

  * Design and build distributed services that are fault-tolerant, scalable, testable and maintainable.
  * Collaborate with product managers, engineers, and technical leads to design and implement features and improvements throughout multiple areas of the platform.
  * Optimize existing services and features for maximum speed and scalability.
  * Maintain and develop continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD) pipelines.
  * Create and maintain technical documentation.

**Qualifications:**

  * Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical field
  * 5+ years of work experience as a backend engineer, with a proven track record of implementing complex backend architectures and services
  * Experience designing and building scalable, high-performance backend systems, and solid understanding of microservice architecture
  * Strong understanding of backend development, relational databases, and engineering best-practices
  * Experience with Agile practices, including test-driven development, continuous integration/deployment and Scrum.
  * Proficiency with relational databases and designing data models for backend applications (PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc.)
  * Experience with cloud services, preferably AWS, and containerized applications (Docker)
  * Ability to communicate effectively with the U.S.-based teams and work 11 am — 8 pm EEST
  * Strong proficiency and hands-on experience in Golang

**Bonus Points for experience with:**

  * Python
  * Messaging systems (AWS SQS, RabbitMQ, etc.)
  * Asynchronous and multi-threaded development
  * AWS CloudFormation and/or CDK

**Our Tech Stack:**

  * AWS for cloud services: CDK, CloudWatch, DynamoDB, ECS, S3, SNS, SQS
  * Languages: Go, SQL
  * Databases: PostgreSQL and Redshift