[Readdle](https://readdle.com/) is a pioneering force in the personal
productivity space on Apple devices, having shaped the landscape since 2007.
Our mission is to empower individuals and teams with innovative technology,
enhancing their efficiency and creativity. We are dedicated to crafting
exceptional mobile and desktop experiences for those who aspire to achieve
more.

[The Spark email app](https://sparkmailapp.com/features/home-screen) stands as
one of our flagship products, designed for various platforms, including iOS,
macOS, Android, and Windows. Our mission at Spark has always been to make you
love your email experience — we started by making email smart, and improved
team collaboration, and now we’ve tackled information overload to make email
focused. Our core features are designed to heighten your focus and allow you
to create customized workflows that suit your needs.  
  
**About the role:**  
As a Senior Backend Engineer, you will architect robust backend services for
tasks like database scaling, synchronisation across devices, and integration
with other services (e.g., calendars); and optimise the performance of
critical components. You will contribute to the team’s growth by mentoring
newcomers, conducting code reviews, and fostering a culture of knowledge
sharing.  
  
**What you’ll do:****  
  
**

  * Build distributed, scalable, and fault-tolerant systems in the cloud using Golang.
  * Develop tools for running and monitoring the system and ensure reliable operations at optimal performance.
  * Work closely with the product manager and client development teams to define architecture, protocols, and requirements for new functionalities.
  * Collaborate with the team and contribute to the overall success of the project.

**About you:**

  * Strong background in backend development, including high proficiency in Golang
  * Experience with distributed systems and high-load services
  * Knowledge of relational database systems and key-value stores
  * Basic knowledge of Kubernetes
  * Experience with cloud platforms like AWS or GCP
  * You demonstrate a deep passion for the products you contribute to
  * You’re great at thinking ahead, foreseeing how your work shapes the user experience 
  * You know how to deliver product quality in optimal development time
  * You have a keen eye for both zooming in on details and seeing the big picture
  * You are highly flexible and self-motivated, with the ability to work independently and in a team

**Would be a plus:**

  * Knowledge of data structures and algorithms (DSA)
  * DevOps skills 
  * Familiarity with NoSQL
  * Experience in front-end development using modern Javascript frameworks
  * Contributions to the open-source community
  * Experience with scripting languages like Python, Ruby, Shell

### **What you will get:**

  * Customer-centric culture. We put our customers first. It means that every employee can benefit from interacting with our customers directly. It enables us to create and deliver the best solutions for millions of our users.
  * Professional growth. We are professionals at everything we do. It means we own our decisions, our work, and our results. We provide quality feedback to others and welcome feedback as an opportunity to learn and improve.
  * A team of amazing people. The greatest power we have is the team. It means we care about each other, ensure transparency, and invest in everyone’s success.
  * Impact on our products. We aim to create valuable products. It means that we improve ourselves constantly by overcoming constraints, simplifying our processes, and improving our capacity.
  * Innovative culture. We try to be innovative and creative in everything we do. It means that we expect, appreciate, and value new ideas.