**Location:** Remote, with offices in Warsaw, Kyiv, and Marbella

**Company:** itAdviser LTD

**About itAdviser LTD:**

At itAdviser LTD, we specialize in providing cutting-edge technological
solutions. Our commitment to innovation keeps us at the forefront of the tech
industry. With offices in Warsaw, Kyiv, and Marbella, our team is a tapestry
of talent spanning the globe.

**Job Description:**

We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced Senior Go Developer to join
our dynamic team. This role focuses on developing and optimizing our trading
services for the cryptocurrency exchange market. The ideal candidate will
bring a deep understanding of Go programming and a proven track record in the
crypto exchange domain, with particular expertise in the development of
critical trading systems such as the pre-trade risk module, matching engine,
and margin engine.

**Responsibilities:**

— Develop, deploy, and maintain Go applications and services related to
cryptocurrency trading.

— Deep understanding of trading algorithms, matching engine development,
futures, spot trading, etc.

— Design and implement complex modules such as the pre-trade risk assessment
systems, high-performance matching engines, and robust margin engines.

— Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design and implement robust,
scalable solutions.

— Optimize existing systems for performance and scalability.

— Ensure code quality, stability, and security through comprehensive testing
and code reviews.

**Technical Requirements:**

— Profound expertise in Go programming.

— Extensive experience in building and optimizing pre-trade risk modules,
matching engines, and margin systems.

— Proficient with technologies such as Kafka for messaging, Redis or Memcached
for caching, and PostgreSQL or MongoDB for databases.

— Experience with microservices architecture and containerization technologies
like Docker and Kubernetes.

— Familiarity with financial trading concepts, market microstructures, and
real-time transaction processing.

**Additional Qualifications:**

— Familiarity with Python or C++ is highly advantageous.

— Strong knowledge of network programming and distributed systems.

— Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.

**Qualifications:**

— Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related
field.

— Minimum of 5 years of professional software development experience, with at
least 3 years focusing on Go.

**What We Offer:**

— The opportunity to work remotely.

— Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package.

— A collaborative environment with a focus on continuous learning and growth.

— Access to state-of-the-art technology and tools.