**RISK inc:** An international iGaming company specializing in identifying and
fostering the growth of high-potential entertainment markets. With 1000+
professionals in 20+ locations, we operate in 10 countries, serving over
300,000 customers.

**Always Pushing the Boundaries? You Already Belong at RISK!**

Our global-scale operations are based on strong internal expertise, analytics,
and data research. We have expertise in iGaming operations (sports betting,
online casino), digital and affiliate marketing, tech solutions, and data
analytics.

Become a part of our team as a **Junior Marketing Project Manager** and grow
your expertise in managing creative projects.

### Job Description

  * Manage the end-to-end process of producing marketing materials (banners, landing pages, social media content, videos, etc.).
  * Ensure timely execution and delivery of all assigned tasks.
  * Facilitate smooth communication and collaboration with external stakeholders.
  * Coordinate workflows between design, development, QA, and copywriting teams.
  * Streamline and optimize production processes for promotional assets.
  * Collect, organize, and analyze task-related performance data.
  * Conduct research and competitor analysis to support marketing initiatives.

### Qualifications

  * 1+ year of experience in a similar position.
  * Proven track record of working with designers, developers, QA specialists, and copywriters.
  * Strong ability to create clear task briefs, decompose them into subtasks, and oversee execution.
  * Solid understanding of key marketing metrics.
  * Hands-on experience with project management tools (e.g., Jira, Asana, Trello).
  * Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, maintaining attention to detail and meeting deadlines.
  * Familiarity with SDLC and experience with Scrum, Agile, or Kanban methodologies.
  * Team-oriented mindset, proactivity, and eagerness to grow professionally.

### Additional Information

**We offer:**

  * Global Flexibility: Embrace the freedom to work from anywhere in the world, with remote work options that let you craft the perfect work-life balance;
  * Vacation: 20 working days;
  * Paid sick leave;
  * Learning Coverage;
  * Team Building programs;
  * Mental Health Programs;
  * Sport coverage;
  * Medical insurance, dental coverage.