We are an Israeli company with a background in product development of 10
years. Due to staff expansion for our third line of business, we are looking
for a **Technical Project Manager** to work together to create progressive
products.**Full-time, remote work.**

**Required Skills:**

  * Minimum 3 years of project management experience in software development,
  * experience in developing projects from scratch will be a plus; 
  * 2 years or more of release management experience;
  * Understanding of modern web technologies / client-server architecture development process;
  * Strong understanding of software development life cycle (SDLC);
  * Understanding of programming fundamentals, algorithms and data structures; 
  * Knowledge of cloud technologies and services (Microsoft Azure);
  * Ability to make decisions and solve problems under uncertainty;
  * Experience in conducting stakeholder interviews;
  * Excellent communication skills, ability to work in a team and interact with different departments/duties;
  * Knowledge of English at least at intermediate level.

**Will be a plus:**

  * Experience in frontend or backend development of a web application;
  * Experience working with databases (SQL, NoSQL);

**What challenges await you:**

  * Project lifecycle management including planning, development, testing and support;
  * Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation;
  * Gathering, formalizing and documenting business requirements within the project/task, communicating project requirements to the team;
  * Prioritizing and managing the change process on the project;
  * Controlling and maintaining requirements throughout the release cycle;
  * Creating tasks for the team, monitoring execution and tracking progress;
  * Working with estimates in conjunction with developers and managers.

**Working Conditions:**

  * Remote work in a friendly and comfortable team of professional developers WITHOUT the oppression of marketers;
  * Salary WITHOUT any delays — from $5000 gross;
  * 2 weeks paid vacation;
  * Paid sick days;
  * Paid days off for major Slavic holidays;
  * Opportunity to take professional courses at the expense of the company;
  * Working week: Sunday-Thursday, from 10:00 to 19:00 Jerusalem time.

**We would love to give you all the details about the position! Send your CV
now and we will contact you!**

**!!! IMPORTANT TO KNOW !!!**

**We have a multinational development team, which was formed more than 9 years
ago. Our team includes people living in different CIS countries, so the
language of communication is russian. But the company and all our employees
are strongly opposed to russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The company provides
humanitarian aid to Ukraine and helps our employees living there. We believe
in the victory of Ukraine! Glory to Ukraine! Glory to ZSU! Glory to the
Ukrainian nation!**