Dive into the pulse of cutting-edge solutions with Patrianna LTD! 🚀

Are you ready to dive into the dynamic world of social gaming and be part of a
rapidly expanding team? We’re on the lookout for a talented **Technical
Program Manager** to join our **Patrianna LTD** team on a full-time basis.  
  

🌟 What You Gain?

**Dynamic Environment** : Step into the heart of a super fast-growing social
gaming company, where innovation and creativity thrive.

**Global Impact** : Be at the forefront of crafting a global social
entertainment platform, with a primary focus on captivating the North American
market.

**Limitless Growth** : Take your career to new heights with opportunities for
advancement and personal development. Join us in the exhilarating journey of
continuous growth.

**Massive Reach** : Contribute to the development of client web and mobile
apps that engage with up to 150 million customers worldwide.

**Commitment to Excellence** : We’re dedicated to delivering high-quality
code, ensuring predictable behavior in production, seamless scaling, and
automation every step of the way.  
  
**Technical Program Manager** will take responsibility for managing multiple
projects in collaboration with a wide variety of teams and stakeholders. The
role requires someone comfortable working with ambiguity and in a fast-paced
global remote environment. The role will also contribute to and support
project process development, including identifying areas of improvement and
helping implement best practices across the business. This is an excellent
opportunity for an ambitious and driven candidate to join a fast-growing
company, delivering great products across international markets and the US.

**Responsibilities**

  * Lead and own multiple cross-functional and complex projects, ensuring that scope is collected, tasks are defined, understood, delegated, and delivered, and resources are allocated.
  * Partner with engineering leadership to develop a Platform Engineering program strategy, drive semi-annual planning to identify objectives and key results that support that strategy, and collaborate with engineering, product, data science, IT, and others to prioritize resource-dependent initiatives
  * Collaborate with engineering, product, and relevant business teams to develop comprehensive and actionable plans, manage complex cross-team dependencies, and implement scalable tools, infrastructure, automation, and processes
  * Utilise agile project management framework and techniques to plan, document, and manage both strategic and tactical initiatives from conception through delivery and closure
  * Keep cross-functional stakeholders, contributors, executives, and interested parties engaged, aligned on strategy and involvement, and up-to-date on relevant details; escalate issues when necessary
  * Ensure proper project closure by troubleshooting and resolving outstanding issues after launch, confirming solutions are in an acceptable state, and evaluating outcomes against objectives

**Requirements**

  * Proven experience (5+years ) in the planning and delivery of a cross-functional engineering program;
  * Expert in agile project management, prioritization methodologies, and the SDLS, with the ability to manage and prioritize many competing requests and cross-functional dependencies;
  * Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills; able to make thoughtful proposals, provide root cause analysis, and demonstrate results through testing and metrics;
  * General understanding of modern best practices in more than one of infrastructure/operations; frontend, backend, and/or native client application development;
  * Experience and expertise in managing technical projects and programs related to the following:
    * Running software applications on public cloud infrastructure
    * Application development and architecture in large-scale environments
    * Data infrastructure investments and tooling (build/buy, multi-cloud, etc.)
  * Outstanding communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively set and manage stakeholder expectations
  * Experience in Igaming domain
  * High level of English

**Benefits**

**Full Remote Work** : Enjoy the flexibility of working remotely from wherever
you feel most productive.

**Medical/Sport Compensation:** Receive private monthly compensation towards
medical expenses or sports-related activities to support your health and well-
being.

**Generous Leave Policy:** Take advantage of 30 days of paid time off,
encompassing both vacation and sick leave, to ensure you can recharge and
recover when needed. Take your time on bank holidays as well.

**Company Events:** Engage in our vibrant company culture through a variety of
informal events designed to foster camaraderie and teamwork.

**Continuously Development:** Get an opportunity to join a fast-growing
business where the sky’s the limit.