**RISK inc: An International _iGaming_ Company Pushing the Boundaries of
Entertainment**

**Who We Are:**

An international _iGaming_ company specialising in identifying and fostering
the growth of high-potential entertainment markets. With 600+ professionals in
20+ locations, we operate in 10 countries, serving over 300,000 customers.

**Always Pushing the Boundaries? You Already Belong at RISK!**

Our global-scale operations are based on strong internal expertise, analytics,
and data research. We have expertise in  _iGaming_ operations (sports
_betting_ , online casino), digital and affiliate marketing, tech solutions,
and data analytics.

We are looking for a **Project Manager** to join our team.

### Job Description

  * Facilitate effective communication and collaboration across internal teams (Product, CRM, Content, Marketing, Development, QA);
  * Coordinate workflows between teams to ensure smooth project execution and alignment on goals;
  * Maintain clear and timely communication with external partners and stakeholders;
  * Monitor task progress and ensure timely delivery of assigned activities;
  * Create and maintain project documentation;
  * Systematize and optimize internal processes to improve efficiency.

### Qualifications

  * Experience in iGaming 2+ years;
  * Good knowledge of default iGaming operational team life;
  * Strong ability to create clear task briefs, decompose them into subtasks, and oversee execution;
  * Analytical mindset, critical thinking with attention to details;
  * Hands-on experience with project management tools (e.g., Jira, Asana, Trello);
  * Strong problem-solving skills;
  * Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines.

### Additional Information

**Our Benefit Cafeteria is Packed with Goodies:**

  * Children Allowance
  * Mental Health Support
  * Sport Activities
  * Language Courses
  * Automotive Services
  * Veterinary Services
  * Home Office Setup Assistance
  * Dental Services
  * Books and Stationery
  * Training Compensation
  * And yes, even Massage!