[**We are Clario**](https://clario.tech/), a consumer-focused company on a
mission to make digital life easy. We’re here to create smart yet simple apps
with a human touch, empowering better productivity, security, and lifestyles.
With mature products used by millions worldwide and years of in-house product
development, we’re waiting to unleash your hidden talents and make you
sparkle. Join us and let’s go together!

### **We expect you are**

You’re ready to dive into different challenges and propose a solution. You’re
a problem solver with great communication skills, who’re not afraid to take
responsibility. You do really care about results and commitment. Bigger
challenges — not a problem but an opportunity for you. What is more, you are
always in touch with what happens around you so we expect a proactive
approach.

### **What will you be responsible for**

  * Design and produce engaging video content to promote Clario apps (iOS and Android) and our new mobile products on various platforms (not limited but primarily Facebook and Instagram).
  * Cooperate with the marketing team (on a daily basis) to discuss acquisition results, marketing and business metrics: bring new ideas, approaches, instruments to meet team goals. You’ll be working side by side with UA Managers, Creative Producers & PMM.
  * Working with analytics to understand how your work impacts the products for continuous process improvement.
  * You’ll be responsible for setting your tasks for variations on successful creatives after analytical meetings.

### **What you need for this position**

  * 2+ years of experience in motion design, with a portfolio showcasing your work.  
Proficiency in After Effects, Photoshop, and familiarity with Figma.

  * Working with AI tools for creative creation.
  * Understanding of marketing metrics (will be an advantage if you’ve worked under that approach).
  * Ability to work quickly from concept to execution, testing hypotheses and moving forward based on data.
  * A data/business/result-driven mindset.*High level of self-organization and time management skills.

### **Hiring Process**

Stage 1: Interview with HR (1h).  
Stage 2: Technical assignment.  
Stage 3: Interview with Creative Producer.

### **What we offer for your success**

  * Very warm and friendly working environment and flexible working schedule.
  * 20 days off + paid national holidays, and 12 sick days paid by the company per year.
  * Medical insurance, and health protection programs (with COVID-19 and dental coverage).
  * Continuous professional development and growth opportunities.

We are not just a company, **we are Clario**! We put the customer at the heart
of all that we do, we achieve our best together, take responsibility, and
challenge our limits to create a difference!

To apply for this position, please send your CV (in English only) with a
detailed description of your career, experience, skills, and projects. We
guarantee the privacy of any information received.

**LET’S GO TOGETHER!**