**ABOUT US:**

**BetterMe** is a health & wellness platform providing a tailored holistic
approach to well-being. Since 2017, we have been on a mission to create a
healthier world for everyone, regardless of age, sex, physical ability, or
background. Our goal is to make a healthy lifestyle accessible to everyone so
they can achieve long-term health benefits.  
  
We are currently seeking a talented individual to join our dynamic Product
Marketing team as a Retention Marketing Manager. This role presents a unique
opportunity to drive product growth and improve key metrics in our
acquisition, activation and retention flows.

**YOUR IMPACT:**

  * Spearhead initiatives aimed at improving crucial metrics within our email marketing campaigns, focusing on both acquisition and retention;
  * Conduct comprehensive competitive research and analyze user feedback to gain valuable insights. Utilize this information to make strategic decisions for our email marketing initiatives;
  * Collaborate with cross-functional teams to delve into funnel analytics, identifying areas for improvement and implementing data-driven strategies to enhance overall performance;
  * Proactively identify growth opportunities within the email marketing landscape. Formulate hypotheses for optimization experiments to further refine and optimize our strategies.

**ABOUT YOU:**

  * 2+ years of experience in a similar role (Growth Product Manager, Product Marketing Manager, Product Manager, Retention Marketing Manager);
  * Strong knowledge of product metrics, A/B testing, and data analytics;
  * A solid understanding of design and copywriting principles;
  * Excellent verbal and written communication skills;
  * Experience working with cross-functional teams;
  * Upper-Intermediate or higher level of English proficiency.

**Our mission is creating happiness within** since we believe that having your
mind and body in complete harmony is key for overall health and quality of
life. We plan to capture the growth of the Global Health Market, and our ideal
candidate will focus on building the largest health tech company in the world.
💪  
The success of the product became possible through the hard work and
dedication of 400+ talented and forward-thinking employees who are true
experts in their field. We’re one of the biggest partners of Facebook, Google,
Snapchat & Twitter within the CEE region.🌎  
**Our company is built on the ability to find the best people and provide them
with everything needed to stay focused on what’s important to make our users
even healthier, sportier, happier and better!** We create a business
environment that brings up best in everyone. We have no bureaucracy, and we
give our colleagues complete freedom to make decisions and achieve brilliant
results.🚀  
**Competitive salary.** Compensation that will help you focus on your projects
and personal development.  
**Professional Growth**. We offer a possibility to attend internal, external
courses, seminars and access to a corporate library. You will be working with
a team of professionals to get insights and discuss ideas.  
**Comfortable working environment.** BetterMe team is located in a spacious
office in the Astarta business center within 10 minutes walk from Kontraktova
metro station. We serve complimentary breakfasts, lunches, snacks, fruits and
all necessary equipment for your role.  
**Health &Fitness.** We provide employees with 20 days of paid vacation,
medical insurance and a variety of sports activities available for employees
inside and outside the office.  
**Rest**. We organize team buildings, parties and various team activities to
boost our collaboration.  
  
Find more about us on social media platforms:
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/teambetterme),
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/teambetterme/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA%3D%3D),[
LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/betterme-apps/).

[Powered
bybreezy](https://breezy.hr/m/portal?utm_source=Portal&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Portal)