**We are Clario** , a consumer-focused company on a mission to make digital
life easy. We’re here to create smart yet simple apps with a human touch,
empowering better productivity, security, and lifestyles. With mature products
used by millions worldwide and years of in-house product development, we’re
waiting to unleash your hidden talents and make you sparkle. Join us and let’s
go together!

### **The role**

You’ll take full ownership for a Mobile Product (US/EU focus) and drive its
growth. You’ll lead and empower a cross-functional team, being directly
responsible for team performance, motivation, and achieving key metrics.

We’re looking for a Business-1st mindset and a strong **Problem Solver** who
can make fast, data-driven calls in a high-velocity, fast-changing
environment. You’ll architect the entire funnel — from acquisition to
retention — owning the product development roadmap to ensure every initiative
actually moves the needle.

Moreover, you’ll be supported by an environment that provides opportunities
for self-realization and fosters professional development.

If you’re ready for end-to-end ownership and defining the path to scalable
growth, this is your role.

### **Requirements**

  * Minimum 3 years of experience in leadership roles: CPO, Product Marketing Manager, or Performance Marketing Lead.
  * Hands-on experience growing B2C or SaaS products, especially in the US market.
  * Experience owning P&L with a strong focus on team performance evaluation and deep analysis of product & performance marketing metrics.
  * Experience in implementing growth marketing strategy with a focus on the US and Europe markets.
  * Deep analytical skills — ability to interpret data, define insights, and turn them into actions.
  * Experience leading and motivating cross-functional teams, with full ownership to make decisions and act fast.
  * Business-first mindset — every decision and initiative is driven by measurable impact and real business value.
  * Strong problem-solving mindset — able to make fast, data-based decisions.
  * Comfortable working in fast-changing environments and owning projects end-to-end.

### **You’ll be responsible for**

  * Own and drive product and marketing growth strategy — from acquisition to retention.
  * Lead a cross-functional team: you’ll take full ownership. Creative Production and User Acquisition teams, Growth Marketing. Maintain high energy and focus inside the team — be the one who drives results.
  * Be responsible for P&L performance and key growth metrics.
  * Analyze product & marketing performance and constantly search for scalable growth loops.
  * Manage the acquisition funnel, ensuring sustainable growth in performance marketing channels: with a focus on META.  
Backlog Management and Prioritization.

  * Build and optimize monetisation model.
  * Run a lot of experiments and tests to validate hypotheses quickly.

### **What we offer for your success**

  * Very warm and friendly working environment and flexible working schedule.
  * 20 days off, and 12 sick days paid by the company per year. Paid national holidays.
  * Bonus system.
  * Medical insurance, and health protection programs (with COVID-19 and dental coverage).
  * Continuous professional development and growth opportunities.

### **Hiring Process**

Stage 1: Interview with HR (1h).  
Stage 2: Technical assignment.  
Stage 3: Interview with CEO.

We are not just a company, **we are Clario**! We put the customer at the heart
of all that we do, we achieve our best together, take responsibility, and
challenge our limits to create a difference!

To apply for this position, please send your CV with a detailed description of
your career, experience, skills, and projects. We guarantee the privacy of any
information received.

**LET’S GO TOGETHER!**