[Headway Inc](http://www.headway.inc/) is a global tech company,
revolutionizing lifelong learning by creating digital products for over 150
million users worldwide. Our mission is to help people grow. We’re proud to be
ranked 4th among [the World’s Top EdTech
Сompanies](https://time.com/collection/worlds-top-edtech-companies-2025/) by
TIME magazine. We believe lifelong learning should be accessible,
personalized, and impactful to each individual. That’s how we change the world
and why we bring together exceptional minds.

The core of our achievements is our team. We believe in people and shared
values
[SELECT](https://www.notion.so/Values-7f16a889d78e4f80bd5cfffa842b18c8?pvs=21).
That’s why, together with [Lisa
Rudyk](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lizarudyk/), User Acquisition Manager at
Headway by Headway Inc, we’re looking for a **User Acquisition Specialist** to
scale campaigns on Meta, TikTok & Applovin, and hit the ROI that drives our
mission worldwide.

### **The product and team you will be working with:**

[Headway](https://headway.onelink.me/rOfb/0dceyz8s) is our flagship app,
offering summaries of nonfiction bestsellers, daily insights, and gamified
challenges. Headway is the world’s most downloaded book summary app and has
been featured as App of the Day in over 30 countries, including the US, the
UK, and Canada.

You’ll join our User Acquisition team, responsible for driving new user
growth, fueling product expansion, and supporting the company’s financial
goals. We focus on scaling new revenue by testing fresh approaches and
continuously exploring the most effective ways to accelerate product growth.

### **This job is perfect for you if you:**

  * Want to work on a product that’s a market leader in Book Summaries across the US and Tier-1 countries.
  * Are excited to see the direct impact of your work reflected in both financial and product metrics at Headway.
  * Enjoy the freedom to test bold hypotheses, with the potential to **fully own a channel or user acquisition flow** in the future.
  * Want to collaborate closely with the Product team while sharpening your product marketing expertise.
  * Love working with a performance-driven team of people who are fully committed to results.
  * Are eager to grow in a data-driven environment where experiments and analytics guide every decision.
  * Value strong partnerships — we work closely with Google, Meta, and TikTok. 

### **What you will do:**

  * Scale Headway App’s user acquisition through Meta and TikTok Ads.
  * Collaborate with the Product team to design new funnels and run product experiments.
  * Analyze data, metrics, and test outcomes to make decisions grounded in data-driven insights.
  * Improve funnel conversions (CRO) in partnership with the Product team.
  * Test creatives, audiences, and bidding strategies to maximize growth.
  * Work closely with Creative Marketing, Product Marketing, and Analytics teams to drive new user growth.
  * Build and maintain automations and scripts to streamline campaign management and optimization.

### **What you need to join us:**

  * Proven experience with Meta Ads, including campaigns optimized for Purchases or Subscriptions.
  * Strong knowledge of analytical tools: Meta Ads Reporting, Meta Advanced Analytics, Tableau, Mixpanel, Amplitude, etc.
  * Solid understanding of marketing metrics.
  * Ability to analyze data and uncover causal relationships.
  * Solid understanding of event tracking principles via pixel and server-side (CAPI).
  * Hands-on experience with Meta Events Manager to verify real-time event delivery (PageView, AddToCart, Purchase, etc.).
  * Experience working on CRO initiatives with product teams is a strong plus.
  * Alignment with the values of our team ([SELECT](https://www.notion.so/Values-7f16a889d78e4f80bd5cfffa842b18c8?pvs=21)).

### **What do we offer:**

  * Work within an ambitious team on a socially impactful education product.
  * An office with a reliable shelter, generators, satellite internet, and other amenities.
  * Access to our corporate knowledge base and professional communities.
  * Personal development plan.
  * Compensation for English language learning, external training, and courses.
  * Medical insurance and full sick leave compensation.
  * Company doctor and massage in the office.
  * Sports activities: running, yoga, boxing, and more.
  * Corporate holidays: we go n a week-paid holiday to rest and recharge twice a year.
  * Supporting initiatives that help Ukraine. Find out more about our projects [here](https://www.notion.so/bf73080ade3249ffb875785c1e3f868e?pvs=21).

### **Working schedule**

This is a full-time position with a hybrid remote option. It means that you
can decide for yourself: whether you want to work from the office, remotely,
or combine these options.

### **Are you interested?**

### **Send your CV!**