Product that needs your engagement

Mobion is a cloud-based white-label platform for ride-hailing, delivery, and
corporate transport services. Launched in 2016 by Devart, it supports
operators in 6+ countries and has handled over 20 million rides for 4M+ users
and 500K drivers.

Our ecosystem includes rider and driver apps, a real-time dispatch system,
admin dashboards, and branded web portals — all backed by a secure, scalable
Azure infrastructure. We offer both SaaS and franchise models to help partners
grow fast across regions.

Your future team of professionals:

You will be a part of the Product and Sales Teams and work with highly
motivated professionals passionate about the project. You will collaborate
with a product team, customer success team, sales team and with the head of
the project.

Your future challenges:

We are driven by the commitment to constant improvement, striving to create
valuable and comprehensive products that set new standards every day. This is
why we seek out a high motivation and self-driven approach.

Impact you will make:

  * Execute customer acquisition strategies via SEO, paid advertisements, email campaigns, LinkedIn outreach, and other digital channels in collaboration with external vendors and internal teams;

  * Launch and test advertising campaigns in various regions to identify promising markets;

  * Continuous optimization of landing pages, creatives, and messaging based on data, user feedback, and behavioral analytics;

  * Regular analysis of competitors and their insights;

  * Monitoring and enhancing digital channel performance (Google Ads, Meta, LinkedIn, etc.);

  * Develop content strategy (including blog, email flows, landing pages) and collaborate with copywriters and designers to produce assets that support marketing objectives.

Skills we are looking for:

  * At least 3 years of experience in the field of SaaS products;

  * Upper-Intermediate level of English or higher;

  * Experience with Google AdWords, Google Analytics, SemRush (or similar), and Hotjar (or similar);

  * Deep knowledge and proficiency in advertising analytics tools;

  * Knowledge of basic UI/UX concepts;

  * Skills in working with different channels of digital traffic acquisition;

  * Excellent knowledge of key conversion factors and concepts, ability to measure these indicators, and ability to understand their purpose;

  * Knowledge and understanding of marketing tools and concepts (sales funnel, customer journey, competitive analysis, positioning, KPIs and performance reports)

  * Experience with Jira or similar task trackers.

Additional skills we would appreciate:

  * Understanding of the principles of A\B tests.

Benefits you get

  * ** _Maintain your work-life balance_**

 _Manage your own working hours with our_** _flexible schedule_**

 _19 days of annual_** _vacation_** _granted on pro-rata basis_

 _No overtimes required_

  * ** _Hybrid type of cooperation_**

 _Whether you prefer to work remotely in the comfort of your home office or
from one of our 4 offices, you can still take part in increasing world`s
awareness about quality Ukrainian products from any part of the world_

  * ** _Stay healthy_**

** _Medical insurance_** _from one of the top insurance companies in Ukraine
with a wide range of included services, as well as special programs for
relatives; special options for those who live abroad._

_15 working days of_** _sick leave_** _per year — because your health is a
priority._

  * **_Grow with us_**

** _In-house English courses_** _— increase your proficiency through our
online courses and speaking clubs with a native speaker_

** _Online learning activities_** _— workshops, lectures and webinars to
enhance your leadership, management and self-awareness skills_

** _Experience exchange_** _— we are proud of our team of professionals who
gladly share their deep expertise in all kinds of fields with the rest of the
team_

** _Promotions, rotations and transitions_** _— when you feel like your skills
could be useful in other position or team_

  * ** _Stand with Ukraine!_**

_We have an active pro-Ukrainian position, and that means we help our army,
our servicemen and their families not only through constant donations and
volunteering, but also through our military leave policy, special health
insurance options, and financial help_

We are a perfect match if you share our values

 _We are_** _professionals_** _in our field._

_We know how to turn up our professionalism to the maximum, because we are
experts who enjoy solving complex tasks._

_We know how to focus on the product, think big, and at the same time delve
deep into the details._

_We create a_** _calm_** _and_** _friendly_** _atmosphere within the company._

_We value the freedom of open and transparent communications._

_Radical honesty is embedded in the foundation of our culture._

_We are_** _open to new things_** _and constantly develop and practice regular
knowledge sharing, which helps us evolve continuously._

_Most importantly, the company creates an environment where we can fulfill our
potential upon a solid foundation._

Our Hiring Process

  *  _CV Screening_
  *  _Recruiting interview_
  *  _Technical interview_
  *  _Test Task_
  *  _Offer call_

 _We approve of a flexible approach, so these steps might be changed
individually._

We strive to ensure transparency and openness in the hiring process, and we
understand the importance of providing timely feedback. If your resume meets
the job requirements, we will contact you to clarify details and schedule an
interview within two weeks after your application is submitted. The timeframe
for feedback between interview stages may take up to two weeks.