We are looking for a smart, proactive individual with analytical thinking for
the position of **Content Producer**. You will be responsible for creating,
organizing, and managing various content for the social media of C-level
executives and their projects, as well as assisting in trend research and
working with **C-level projects, internal Kindgeek products and services
(including the AI platform Easyflow).**

### REQUIREMENTS

**We’re looking for a Content Producer who has** :

  * High proficiency in English (Upper-intermediate level or higher) and Ukrainian;
  * Analytical thinking and the ability to independently research information;
  * At least 1 year of experience in content writing;
  * Experience working with social media and content creation;
  * Ability to work systematically and ensure the regular production of quality content;
  * Proactive approach and initiative.

### RESPONSIBILITIES

**As a Content Producer, you will be responsible for** :

  * Managing cross-platform content for social media (X (Twitter), Instagram, Telegram, LinkedIn, Facebook);
  * Conducting research and tracking trends;
  * Creating quality content in both English and Ukrainian;
  * Organizing and systematizing information;
  * Preparing materials for social media, including writing posts, articles, and converting books, chapters, or summaries into threads;
  * Editing images to create memes or relevant graphics;
  * Converting short videos into written content through copywriting.

### ABOUT PROJECT

### WHAT WILL YOU GET WITH KINDGEEK

### **We want you to thrive and feel supported**

  *  _**Professional growth:**_ at Kindgeek, we want our employees to grow and achieve ambitious professional goals. We support professional development with training and certification refunds and provide regular feedback and technical reviews.
  * _**Benefits package:**_ Kindgeek offers all team members competitive compensation and a benefits package that includes 18 working days of fully paid vacation, 10 compensated by 50% sick leaves without a note from the doctor, and an opportunity to take study leaves. Depending on how long you stay in the company, you can receive different health insurance packages from our partners.
  * _**Personal growth:** _as a part of our team, you will have access to corporate English courses with a 50% reimbursement, take advantage of our offline library and access a large selection of corporate training and classes. Also, every employee can request any internal or external training or certification if it applies to his or her work responsibilities.
  * _**Geek community:**_ at Kindgeek, we value community — even in the full-scale invasion times, we take every opportunity to stick together. Our geeks organise various online and offline clubs — from stretching and skiing to English. We volunteer together and support each other.
  * _**Flexibility:**_ Kindgeek offers a hybrid working model. Team members can work remotely or from the office or Kindgeek London Hub — an innovative cafe-style co-working in Lviv (it’s pet-friendly!).

### **We encourage you to apply**

At Kindgeek, we encourage everyone to apply — regardless of nationality, race,
gender, marital status, disability, sexual identity, or religion. We are
growing into an inclusive, equal-opportunity company where only
professionalism, competence, and ideas matter. We are committed to supporting
mobilised employees and veterans joining Kindgeek and facilitating their
career development. We aim to bring equal opportunities to all team members
and candidates — especially those underrepresented in technological companies.