**Responsibilities:**

**Campaign Execution & Configuration**

  * Manage and execute the B2C LiveOps offers and seasonal promotions.
  * Plan, organize, and promote a variety of live in-app events, maximizing audience participation and collaboration with creators to make engaging content. 
  * Set up customer-facing campaigns using internal and third-party tools (push, email, in-app messages, chat, etc.).
  * Coordinate with Product, Creative, and VIP teams to ensure campaign readiness.

**Optimization & Analysis**

  * Monitor performance across user segments, campaigns, and events; suggest and implement improvements.
  * Identify actionable growth opportunities to improve KPIs like conversion, retention, and lifetime value.
  * Monitor events performance metrics (engagement, revenue), identify trends, and implement adjustments to optimize future events.
  * Stay aligned with product updates to surface relevant monetization opportunities.

**Communication Management**

  * Operate and optimize CRM communication channels: push, email, SMS, popups, chat.
  * Maintain quality and timing of campaigns to reduce churn and increase impact.

**Incident Monitoring**

Respond to live in-app issues, helping identify, escalate, and resolve user-
facing problems at scale.

### Requirements:

  * 2+ years of experience in a B2C, KPI-driven environment focused on customer lifecycle, CRM, or LiveOps.
  * Experience setting up and operating user communications across channels (push, email, SMS, chat).
  * Experience in a gaming B2C company is preferred.
  * Working knowledge of CRM systems, campaign logic, or in-app promotional tools.
  * Strong attention to detail, analytical mindset, and problem-solving skills.
  * Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (Economics, Business, Engineering, or similar) preferred.

Will be a plus:

  * Knowledge of [Monday.com](http://Monday.com).
  * SQL knowledge.

**What we offer:**

  * International company with several offices in different locations : Tel-Aviv, Kyiv, Warsaw, Limassol.
  * Granting an Option;
  * A professional environment with great people to work with;
  * Competitive salary, performance review;
  * Flexible working hours, no one here tracks your work time because our culture is built on trust and cooperation;
  * Social package, including sports coverage, elite medical insurance for you and family;
  * 20 working days paid vacation and 100% sick leaves coverage;
  * Opportunities to make a difference, to develop and grow;
  * Regular corporate celebrations, team buildings and fun activities;
  * Comfortable office close to the metro station. Our Kyiv office is open 24/7 with all safety and health measures in place.