**SoftConstruct Ukraine** is a large product company with Armenian roots.  
We develop solutions in the fields of Big Data, Data Science and
CryptoExchange. We combine our expertise in iGaming software development with
advanced technologies to develop original software such as sports statistics,
risk analysis, security. In most cases, we deal with atypical projects for the
market, try to find and generate new technology-based solutions in our field.  
We support our colleagues who actively participate in all spheres of our
country’s defense, as well as help in the development of solutions, technical
security support — the information sector of the state.  
  
If you are looking for a new job in a **PHP****** development and have
relevant experience, we would be more than happy to offer you our position
of**Senior PHP Software Engineer (Fastex team)**.  
  
**About the project:**  
**FastEx** is not about project development, it’s about the unique opportunity
to build a cryptocurrency exchange almost from scratch.  
Trading engines on the edge of performance, accuracy and elegance; security
systems on top of top-notch solutions; liquidity management in volume of some
countries GDP.  
And you can become a part of the core team that reached that goal.  
  
**Technical Stack:** PHP 8.3, Laravel, Kubernetes, Docker, Memcached, MySQL,
Centrifugo (for Websockets), Prometheus, Grafana, ELK, Nginx  
  
**Must-haves:**

  * Strong knowledge of PHP (8 and higher);
  * Strong experience with one or more PHP frameworks (Laravel, Symfony etc.);
  * Understanding of database technologies: SQL/NoSQL;
  * Experience with Docker;
  * Understanding of distributed systems (microservices, reliability, scalability, data consistency, etc.);
  * Familiarity with performance optimization techniques;
  * Excellent troubleshooting skills.

**Nice to haves:**

  * Understanding how to build high-loaded systems;
  * Experience with Kubernetes;
  * Understanding of messaging systems (Kafka, RabbitMQ, etc.).

**Main responsibilities:**

  * Be proactive and responsible. Challenge technical decisions in order to achieve the best results;
  * Learn crypto exchange architecture;
  * Learn through the code primary business flows;
  * Fixing bugs in existing code;
  * Writing new code covering business tasks and fixing bugs;
  * Participate in the search for the best technical solution to business problems;
  * Participate in improving the local development environment as an Engineer;
  * Writing Tests covering the developed functionality;
  * Writing documentation for existing and new code;
  * Collaborate with the operational team to improve/set up: metrics, traceability, logs. Assist with preparing the playbooks for the support;
  * Collaborate with engineers from the others Backend, Web and Mobile teams;
  * ’On shift/on call’ duties, collaborate with support in solving the issues.

**What can we offer you:**

  * Interesting and challenging work in a product and data driven company;
  * Plenty of opportunities to learn, grow and progress in your career;
  * Annual leave: 20 working days per year;
  * All paid sick days with a doctor’s note (no limit on the number of times. But for 1 time it is paid up to 2 weeks);
  * Registration within DiiaCity (Gig-contract);
  * Individual English classes at EnglishDom online school (compensation within 50% of the amount of expenses);
  * €450 / year budget for training and/or sports (compensation within 50% of the amount of expenses) after probationary period;
  * Free health insurance after a probationary period.

Sounds interesting? Then apply now, don’t wait up!  
SoftConstruct is a cool place to work, where you’ll have fun, make friends,
and grow professionally!