**Requirements** :

  * 1+ years of experience in data research or lead generation.
  * Strong research skills and attention to detail.
  * Basic understanding of IT services/software development market, B2B environment.
  * Acquaintance with LinkedIn Sales Navigator, CRM systems, or automation tools such as [Apollo.io](http://Apollo.io) (is a big plus).
  * English — upper-intermediate or higher (for professional communication).
  * Proactive, organized, and eager to grow into a Sales and/or Marketing career.

**Responsibilities** :

  * Research potential clients in target markets. 
  * Build and maintain lead databases in CRM.
  * Assist in creating outreach campaigns (Upwork, LinkedIn messages, emails), NO cold calls.
  * Pre-Qualify leads before passing them to sales managers.
  * Monitor engagement metrics (open rates, replies, connections).
  * Engage in the promotion of the company`s brand in social networks.
  * Executing ad-hoc tasks from the sales**** team**** leadership.

**We offer:**  
• Great competitive salary.  
• Interesting projects and good career growth.  
• 20 working days of paid vacation plus 5 days of paid sickness.  
• Flexible and remote-friendly work schedule.  
• Mentorship.  
• Friendly and young team.

**About Us:**

Inspirit is a leading IT outsourcing and tech consulting company dedicated to
delivering cutting-edge software solutions to startups and SMBs.

Boosting FinTech and AI products is our badass skill. We not only integrate
quickly with banks and payment processors, but we also know how to save your
time and money by managing all the risks and problems of the financial
services and AI sectors.

At Inspirit we understand that every business is unique. So we specialize in
building and scaling software applications that perfectly align with our
clients’ objectives.

Tech moves fast, that’s why our team of skilled professionals stays ahead of
the curve with the latest technologies and industry trends.

What We Do:

At Inspirit, we’re your strategic tech partner in achieving business success.
Here’s how we drive your growth:

— Custom Software and Product Development: Our cross-functional dedicated
teams utilize tons of domain knowledge to provide you with top-tier
development services including web and mobile development, modern AI
solutions, cloud services & DevOps engineering, etc.

— UI/UX Product Design: We create user-friendly designs with perfect
functionality that make an impact and align with your business goals.

— Strategic Business Analysis: Through our in-depth analysis, we architect
modern solutions to bring your business to absolutely new level.

— Software modernisation: Every software application has tech limits, we know
how to brake them to make sure your business is prepared to growth.

— Security: Auditing, protecting, improving, configuring, following the best
security and law protocols.

— Expert IT Consulting and Support: Using our expertise and industry best
practices we provide expert guidance and support throughout your development
journey. We will help you to pick the best solution to your tech problem.

Whether you’re a startup looking to enter the market or an SMB aiming to
streamline operations, Inspirit is here to help you unlock the full potential
of technology.