Svitla Systems is a global digital solutions company headquartered in
California, with business and development offices throughout the US, Latin
America, Europe, and Asia. Svitla is an outspoken advocate of workplace
flexibility, best known for its well-established remote culture, individual
approach to our teammates’ professional and personal growth, and trustworthy
environment. Since 2003, Svitla has served a wide range of clients, from
innovative start-ups in California to mega-large corporations such as
Ingenico, Amplience, InvoiceASAP, and Global Citizen. At Svitla, developers
work with clients’ teams directly, building lasting and successful
partnerships as a result of seamless integration with on-site processes.
Svitla Systems’ global mission is to build a business that contributes to the
well-being of our partners, personnel, and their families, improves our
communities, and makes a lasting difference in the world. Join us!

**The Opportunity**

Svitla Systems Inc. is looking for a Renewals Specialist for a full-time
position (40 hours per week) in Ukraine. Our client is a leading middle-market
private equity firm focused on investments in targeted segments of the
software, industrial technology, financial services, and healthcare
industries. It involves gathering information and reporting to enhance the
environmental and social impacts on the customer’s business.

**_The project:_**_renewing existing customer software maintenance and support
agreements through proactive communication and delivery of priced quotations
in accordance with established business workflows._

**Requirements:**

  * Be comfortable working with computers and Microsoft Office Suite, including Outlook. 
  * Knowledge of billing, invoicing, and purchase order processes. 
  * A highly detail-oriented and process-focused individual. 
  * Familiarity with general contract documents — provisions and terminology. 
  * Knowledge of financials, [Salesforce.com](http://Salesforce.com), is a definite advantage. 

**Nice to have:**

  * Experience with [Salesforce.com](http://Salesforce.com). 
  * Familiarity with software maintenance & support agreements. 
  * Background in accounting or contract administration. 

**Responsibilities:**

  * Manage and maintain a pipeline of enterprise SaaS, maintenance, and content renewals. 
  * Proactively contact customers according to established calendared touchpoints to gather and validate the required business data to secure the renewal for annual software and subscription maintenance & support agreements. 
  * Coordinate with Customer Success Manager or Field/Inside Account Executives on key accounts as necessary. 
  * Coordinate with other colleagues on the Renewal Team, as well as within collections, customer care, order management, and others, as required. 
  * Complete valid order packages of required documentation and deliver to order validation, order entry, and order delivery teams. 
  * Research existing customer contracts using SFDC and other online portals or electronic document depositories. 
  * Utilize SCN and Salesforce to complete the necessary steps to update support terms (start/end dates, contract values, billing and shipping info, etc.). 
  * Provide ad hoc status and pipeline updates reports as requested by management. 
  * Promote the benefits of retaining active SaaS, maintenance and support agreements with customers during your communications. 

**We Offer:**

  * US and EU projects based on advanced technologies. 
  * Competitive compensation based on skills and experience. 
  * Annual performance appraisals. 
  * Flexibility in workspace, either remote or in one of our development offices. 
  * Comprehensive medical insurance including dental and massages. 
  * Sport reimbursement program for onsite and online activities. 
  * Support of a healthy lifestyle, compensation for running events. 
  * Bonuses for recommendations of new employees. 
  * Bonuses for article writing, public talks, other activities. 
  * Personal loan budget available for long-term personnel. 
  * 20 vacation days, 10 national holidays and sick leaves. 
  * Maternity leave policy and family days off. 
  * Full compensation for conferences, courses, English classes. 
  * Free webinars, meetups and conferences organized by Svitla. 
  * Gifts for New Year, anniversaries, children and more. 
  * Fun corporate celebrations and activities, regular lectures on various topics. 
  * Awesome team, friendly and supportive community!