Evoplay is one of the leading iGaming providers, recognized for its innovative
approach to game development and technological solutions.

Our mission is to surprise not only the iGaming market but the entire
entertainment industry with our interesting and unique products. Our game
portfolio of 200+ titles, where each is a unique and exciting story, is
presented all over the world, including Europe, Latin America, Asia, and the
CIS. The key to this success is the teamwork of like-minded people who are
passionate about a common goal and love games. Evoplay is the first to
introduce a 3D/VR gambling game at ICE 2018, and created Dungeon: Immortal
Evil — the first 3D RPG-inspired hack and slash video slot in 2020. We have
received numerous nominations at prestigious iGaming awards ceremonies (EGR’s
Awards, CasinoBeats, SBC Awards, etc.).

**The expertise we’re looking for**

  * Relevant experience in sales from 3 years;
  * Experience preferably in the field of i-gaming;
  * Highly developed social and communication skills;
  * Desire to learn and to research;
  * To work as a team member;
  * Fluent English;

**Your position will include**

  * Attend and represent the company at events and exhibitions;
  * Development of the outbound sales channel;
  * Work with incoming leads;
  * Work in the CRM system;
  * Communicate with clients around the world via mail and video calls;
  * Analyze campaigns, identify customer needs, handle objections, etc.

### **What we offer**

We’re here to make a difference! The iGaming world is fun. It’s an exciting
and fast-changing industry, and we provide people with different services for
their consistent growth, wellness and fun.

  * Corporate psychologist;
  * Gifts for significant occasions;
  * Legal support;
  * Flexible working hours;
  * Direct access to C-level and opportunity to suggest new business ideas and drive changes.

If you are ready to work in a dynamic team, passionate about the product,
technology, and the world of entertainment, we’re waiting for your CV and
portfolio to schedule an online/offline meeting and get to know each other
better!  
  
Your CV will be carefully reviewed by our TA department, and if it meets the
requirements of the position, we will contact you within 3 business days to
discuss the possibility of scheduling an interview.