**ArchiCGI** is looking for a proactive and ambitious **English-speaking Lead
Generation Manager** with growth prospects to **Sales Development
Representative (SDR)**.

**(Office + hybrid work; no prior experience required)**

**About Us**

ArchiCGI specializes in interior & exterior design, 3D modeling, drafting,
animation, and visualization. Since 2012, we’ve been helping clients worldwide
bring their projects to life. With 500+ CG artists in our team, we can deliver
projects of any scale and complexity in record time.

As our Overseas B2B Sales Department is growing, we are looking for a
dedicated professional who will communicate with international clients in the
fast-expanding CGI market.

Our clients are located worldwide — primarily in the US, Canada, Australia,
and Europe.

We value long-term partnerships, so your focus will be on building strong
client relationships and growing them into lasting collaborations. You won’t
be alone: our team of 36 mentors and 36 project managers will support you in
achieving outstanding results.

**Offer**

**💰 Salary Scale**

• First 6 months: $800 fixed + sales bonus ($200–600)

• 7–24 months: $1500–4000

• 24+ months: $4000–6000+ (no salary cap — you receive a share of the project
cost)

**🏢 Hybrid Work Model**

• The position is primarily office-based — most of the work takes place at our
Kyiv hub, but you’ll also have the flexibility to occasionally work from home
when needed. Our coworking hub is open 24/7 and equipped with Starlink and a
backup generator for an uninterrupted workflow.

**⏰ Flexible Working Hours**

• Standard studio hours are **10:00–19:00** , but we work flexibly to cover
different time zones and ensure communication with clients from the **US,
Canada, and Europe**. The sales team has the freedom to adjust their schedule,
focusing on productivity and client availability rather than strict office
hours.

**🇺🇦 Support & Values**

• We are a**** Ukrainian company standing with Ukraine against russian
aggression, maintaining workplaces for mobilized partners and providing
financial aid to colleagues or their families affected by the war.

**🚀 Career Growth & Development**

• Clear structured KPIs, regular training, free English classes, and close
mentorship from a senior manager.

**🌐 Fast-Growing Industry**

• Be part of the CGI market growing 30% annually and gain hands-on experience
with clients from the US, Canada, Australia, and Europe.

**👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 Team & Culture**

• Join a motivated team of CGI experts, where everyone contributes to shared
project success in a strong collaborative atmosphere.

**🏢 Comfortable Office & Perks**

• Modern coworking near Lukianivska metro, open-space format, snack bars,
corporate lunches, in-house coffee shop, and a bomb shelter in the office.

**💪 Health & Lifestyle Benefits**

• Free gym, yoga & cycling classes, plus ping-pong, pool tables, team events
and corporate parties.

**Responsibilities**

• Identify new business opportunities via **cold calls, email campaigns,
LinkedIn outreach** , and other channels

• Use targeted questions to**** qualify leads and identify client needs

• Provide project estimates (with senior manager support)

• Guide clients in using our CRM and consult them on company services

• Build and maintain long-term client relationships

• Collaborate with the internal production team and contribute to company
growth

📩 If you’re motivated, eager to grow in sales, and want to build a career in
the **international CGI industry** — we’d love to hear from you!