If you’re here, it’s because you’re looking for an **exciting ride**.

A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a **new challenge and
stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone.**

We’ll deliver a **non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to
amplify the impact on millions of people** , paving the way forward together.

**Not your usual app**. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app
connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand
services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets,
and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 23
countries.

Together we revolutionise the way people connect with their everyday needs,
from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through
innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with
purpose.

**What makes our ride unique?**

**🤝 Our culture and strong values.**

**💪 Our career development philosophy.**

**🤝 Our commitment to being a force for good.**

We have a vision: **To give everyone easy access to anything in their
cities.** And this is where your ride starts.

**YOUR MISSION**

As part of the Sales team you will be directly responsible for partnering with
both smaller local stores and bigger brands to display them on our Glovo
platform. You will work with the support of other sales executives and be part
of a local cross-functional team.

As a Glovo Sr. Sales Executive, you will be a key representative of our
company’s sales team, responsible for creating a pipeline of and signing up
local stores and corporate customers around the cities of your region.

**THE JOURNEY**

  * Build and develop a prospect portfolio from scratch, negotiating with the best local restaurants in Kyiv and North-East Area (Dnipro, Kharkiv) to offer them on our platform (includes travelling to assigned cities).
  * Take the lead in negotiating and closing deals, ensuring a smooth onboarding process and transition from acquisition to account management for your city’s partners.
  * Achieve monthly objectives as defined by Area Managers/Head of Sales.
  * Coordinate sales plans in collaboration with the Head of Sales and the Account Management Team

**WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE**

  * At least 1 year of experience in high-performance sales, managing complex deals, and engaging with stakeholders both internally and externally.
  * Strong communication skills with the ability to influence and drive change.
  * Availability to travel (Dnipro, Kharkiv and other cities in the area allocated)
  * Autonomy, proactivity, and strong problem-solving abilities are essential.
  * Excellent organisational, planning, and analytical skills, particularly in assessing partners’ business data.
  * A strong drive for sales success, with a “never take no for an answer” attitude.
  * Ability to manage long-term negotiations, foster strong partnerships, and effectively advocate for mutually beneficial collaboration.
  * Ability to use English as a working language (B2+ level).
  * Adaptability and flexibility in response to changing priorities.
  * A good understanding of the food delivery industry trends is a plus
  * Proficiency and experience in CRM systems (Salesforce will be a plus) to track deals from the first contact to the contract signing.
  * Ability to design presentations, structure information in a readable and logical format, and present it effectively to partners.

Individuals representing diverse profiles, **and abilities,** encompassing
various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for
this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100% of these areas. Even
if it seems you don’t meet our musts don’t let it stop you, we are all about
finding the best talent out there! **Skills can be learned, and embracing
diversity is invaluable.**

**We believe driven talent deserves:**

  * 🌟 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
  * 💪 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
  * 🍔 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings!
  * 🏖️ Extra time off, the freedom to work from home three days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for 9 days a year (not counting work-from-home days)!
  * 👪 Enhanced parental leave.
  * 🧠 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams,
products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of
brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal
opportunities to talent from all backgrounds — all genders, racial/diverse
backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique
characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your
authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone
feels heard.

Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., she/her/hers,
he/him/his, they/them/theirs, etc).

**So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life?**