[**TRIONIKA** ](https://trionika.com/)is a company with core expertise in
attracting and monetising internet traffic in the fields of EdTech and
FinTech.

[**Sempro**](https://www.sempro.club/#section_why), a business vertical of
**Trionika** , is seeking a proactive **B2B Sales Manager** to drive
sponsorship and partnership sales for our Affiliate & Traffic Events across
Europe.

**Why Sempro:**  
Join a bold, fast-growing event brand that connects the brightest minds in
affiliate and traffic. You’ll have freedom to shape the sales strategy, work
with international clients, and grow your impact.

**What you’ll do:**

  * Drive sponsorship and partnership sales for Sempro events across the EU market.
  * Create a clear, high-performing sales process and partner structure.
  * Lead outreach campaigns, deliver strong presentations, and close deals.
  * Attending business trips and networking in the EU market.
  * Maintain and grow relationships with existing partners.
  * Research markets, analyse competitors, and identify new growth opportunities.

**What we’re looking for:**

  * 2+ years of B2B sales experience.
  * Strong understanding of the sales funnel and negotiation techniques.
  * Experience building sales processes and working with CRM systems.
  * Upper-Intermediate English or higher.
  * Familiarity with outreach tools and lead generation platforms.
  * Background in marketing, IT, or affiliate marketing is a plus.

**What We Offer:**

  * Collaborate closely with the entire team.
  * Creative freedom to innovate, explore interesting cases, and implement bold ideas.
  * Focus on achieving results without time-tracking.
  * Paid vacation and sick leave.
  * Comprehensive medical insurance.
  * Flexible work schedule with the option to work remotely.

**Apply now and be the one who drives Sempro’s next big partnerships!**

_Since the beginning of the war, we have created a volunteer headquarters
inside the company, which coordinates, supports and guides our colleagues, and
with the help of this, we manage to continue helping those who really need
it._

_We believe that the company’s social position is currently very important.
TRIONIKA is the founder of the DOPOMOGATOR charitable foundation, which has
been active for 7 years. Since the beginning of the full-scale invasion, we
have donated more than 27 million hryvnias for the purchase of equipment,
ammunition and clothing for our military and we continue to do so in the
future._

_Together to victory!_