**About company**

**Adavice** ([www.adavice.com](https://www.adavice.com/)) is a fast-growing
international media company, has been present on the Ukrainian market for 11
years, part of the **MEGAVAST group** , specializing in online marketing and
providing global traffic services. We are rapidly expanding our business and
are looking for an ambitious and goal-oriented **International Sales Manager**
to join our team in Kyiv and drive new revenue growth.

**About the Role**

This is a dynamic, results-driven role focused on expanding our client base.
You will be responsible for the full sales cycle, from generating new leads to
successful deal closure, and ensuring positive business relationships for
long-term success.

**Key Responsibilities:**

  * Generating leads (hunting for potential partners) and successfully closing deals.
  * Understanding and promoting company programs and services.
  * Holding negotiations via emails and calls and meeting at the conferences. **We don’t work with cold calls!**
  * Preparing and submitting contracts, invoices, and sales reports.
  * Maintaining positive business relationships to ensure future sales.
  * Achieving agreed-upon sales targets and outcomes within the schedule.

**Our Expectations:**

  * English level: Strong Intermediate or higher (written and spoken).
  * Understanding of the sales process and dynamics.
  * Strong verbal and written communication skills.
  * Proactive and results-oriented mindset.
  * Team player with strong organizational and time management skills.
  * Adaptability to a fast-paced and evolving environment.

**Would be a plus:**

  * Prior experience in B2B sales within the IT or software industry.
  * Proven track record of meeting or exceeding sales quotas.

**We Offer:**

  * Competitive base salary with a quarter-based bonus from closed deals.
  * Personal career development plan and opportunities for learning (paid seminars and conferences).
  * Social package and benefits.
  * Friendly working environment.
  * Flexible working hours (Mon—Fri) and a Hybrid work format in our Kyiv office, right next to the Olimpiyska metro station.