**Rakuten Symphony is opening an Account Director vacancy in Ukraine**

Why should you choose us?

Rakuten Symphony is reimagining telecom, changing supply chain norms and
disrupting outmoded thinking that threatens the industry’s pursuit of rapid
innovation and growth. Based on proven modern infrastructure practices, its
open interface platforms make it possible to launch and operate advanced
mobile services in a fraction of the time and cost of conventional approaches,
with no compromise to network quality or security. Rakuten Symphony has
operations in Japan, the United States, Singapore, India, South Korea, Europe,
and the Middle East Africa region. For more information, visit:
[symphony.rakuten.com](https://symphony.rakuten.com)

Building on the technology Rakuten used to launch Japan’s newest mobile
network, we are taking our mobile offering global.

To support our ambitions to provide an innovative cloud-native telco platform
for our customers, Rakuten Symphony is looking to recruit and develop top
talent from around the globe. We are looking for individuals to join our team
across all functional areas of our business — from sales to engineering,
support functions to product development.

Let’s build the future of mobile telecommunications together!********

**Job Requirements:**

— 15+ Years experience in selling to Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) within
Ukraine, with focus on Kyivstar.

— Established and well-connected network at C-Level and C-Level −1 within MNOs
in the Ukraine.

— In-depth technical knowledge of Software, Radio Access Networks (RAN),
Operations Support Systems (OSS), and Cloud technologies.

— Demonstrated ability to manage large, complex accounts, maintaining
relationships at multiple organizational levels.

— Highly articulate and organized, with a strong ability to report and
forecast sales activities accurately.

— Identify new accounts for development and pipeline growth.

— Drive revenues for the designated Key Accounts.

— Develop and execute against a comprehensive account plan.

— Create & articulate customized Rakuten Symphony Solutions Value propositions
for the customer.

— Ensure proper and timely handling of customer’s requirements and issues.

— Cultivate long-term relationship with key stakeholders at the customer.

— Represent customer requirements to product and delivery teams.

— Work collaboratively and productively with the pre-sales team.

— Work with partners to extend reach & drive adoption.

— Manage contract negotiations with the account.

— Ensure customer satisfaction.

**Minimum Qualifications:**

— 15+ years of experience in Telecom Domain in a B2B environment related sales
or business development experience.

— Understanding RAN solutions and software market landscape.

— Experience in identifying, developing, negotiating, and closing large
complex deals.

— Experience in positioning and selling new solutions in new market segments.

— Experience in proactively growing customer relationships within an account
while expanding understanding of the customer’s business.

— Experience communicating and presenting to senior leadership.

— Passion for innovation and drive for excellence.

— BS/BA degree — technical field preferred.

— Deep understanding of Mobile networks, 4G/5G evolution, cloud, and OSS.

— Possess excellent oral, written, verbal and interpersonal communication
skills.

**KEY INTERFACES FOR ROLE**

— Pre-Sales Team

— Product Management Team

— Head of Europe Sales Team

— Legal and Contracting Team

— Solution Delivery Team

**KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS:**

— Accurate bookings and revenue forecasting.

— Providing an outstanding customer service.

— Accounts and pipeline management.

**About Rakuten Group, Inc.** (TSE: 4755) is a global leader in internet
services that empower individuals, communities, businesses and society.
Founded in Tokyo in 1997 as an online marketplace, Rakuten has expanded to
offer services in e-commerce, fintech, digital content and communications to
approximately 1.9 billion members around the world. The Rakuten Group has over
30,000 employees, and operations in 30 countries and regions. For more
information visit
[global.rakuten.com/corp](https://global.rakuten.com/corp/).****

**RAKUTEN SHUGI PRINCIPLES:**

Our worldwide practices describe specific behaviours that make Rakuten unique
and united across the world. We expect Rakuten employees to model these 5
Shugi Principles of Success.

**Always improve, always advance.** Only be satisfied with complete success —
Kaizen.

**Be passionately professional.** Take an uncompromising approach to your work
and be determined to be the best.

**Hypothesize — Practice — Validate — Shikumika.** Use the Rakuten Cycle to
success in unknown territory.

**Maximize Customer Satisfaction.** The greatest satisfaction for workers in a
service industry is to see their customers smile.

**Speed!! Speed!! Speed!!** Always be conscious of time. Take charge, set
clear goals, and engage your team.