We are looking for an experienced Mobile Test Automation Engineer with a
strong background in testing iOS applications. In this role, you will
collaborate closely with a team of mobile engineers to test mobile SDKs,
integrated with mobile UI testing frameworks, with a primary focus on iOS
platforms.

The Mobile Division’s mission is to develop cutting-edge tools and SDKs that
enable developers to identify accessibility (a11y) issues during the
development process.

These tools are designed to help deliver more inclusive and accessible mobile
applications, setting new standards for accessibility in the mobile industry.

**Customer  
**

Our customer is a rapidly growing technology leader in digital accessibility
software, helping enterprises make their web and mobile offerings accessible
to everyone. Its AI-enabled products save developer time and reduce risk via
proprietary discovery and analysis algorithms that integrate directly into
software development pipelines.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Design, develop, and execute test plans, test cases, and test scripts based on product requirements 
  * Develop, maintain, and enhance test automation frameworks for mobile SDKs testing, with a strong focus on iOS and some for Android 
  * Create, execute, and manage automated test suites using tools like XCTest, EarlGrey, and Appium 
  * Execute manual and automated functional, regression, compatibility, and performance testing 
  * Manage testing environments across physical and virtual devices, integrating with device farms 
  * Integrate automated tests with CI/CD pipelines for continuous delivery 
  * Provide clear and regular status reports on testing progress and results 
  * Collaborate closely with developers and product owners to ensure thorough understanding of business requirements 
  * Promote and implement best practices in mobile test automation, accessibility testing, and SDK validation 

**Requirements:**

  * A minimum of 3 years of experience in mobile application testing 
  * Proven experience in automation testing for mobile platforms, with a primary focus on iOS 
  * Proficient in at least one of the following programming languages: Swift or Objective-C 
  * Hands-on experience with mobile automation frameworks such as XCTest, EarlGrey, or Appium 
  * Familiarity with mobile operating systems and their debugging tools (Xcode for iOS, ADB for Android) 
  * Experience with Git and CI tools such as GitHub Actions, CircleCI 
  * At least an Upper-Intermediate level of English 

**Would be a plus:**

  * Experience working with Kotlin or Java 
  * Hands-on experience with device farms such as SauceLabs, BrowserStack, or AWS Device Farm 

**Personal profile:**

  * Strong analytical and algorithmic thinking, with a proven ability to identify root causes and suggest effective solutions 
  * Excellent attention to detail 
  * A mindset focused on continuous improvement and workflow optimization for both personal and team processes 

Ми шукаємо досвідченого інженера з автоматизації тестування мобільних
додатків, який має великий досвід роботи з iOS-застосунками. На цій посаді ти
будеш тісно співпрацювати з командою інженерів над тестуванням SDKs,
інтегрованих з фреймворками для тестування мобільних інтерфейсів, з основним
акцентом на платформах iOS.

Місія нашого Mobile підрозділу полягає у розробці передових інструментів, які
дозволяють розробникам виявляти проблеми доступності (a11y) під час процесу
розробки. Ці інструменти допомагають створювати більш інклюзивні та доступні
мобільні додатки, задаючи нові стандарти доступності в мобільній індустрії.

**Клієнт**

Наш клієнт — це стрімко зростаючий технологічний лідер у сфері програмного
забезпечення для цифрової доступності, який допомагає підприємствам зробити
їхні веб- та мобільні сервіси доступними для всіх. Їх продукти з підтримкою
штучного інтелекту економлять час розробників і знижують ризики завдяки
унікальним алгоритмам виявлення та аналізу, які інтегруються безпосередньо в
конвеєри розробки програмного забезпечення.

**Обовʼязки:**

  * Розробляти, створювати та виконувати плани тестування, тест-кейси та тестові скрипти на основі вимог до продукту 
  * Розробляти, підтримувати та вдосконалювати фреймворки для автоматизації тестування мобільних SDKs, з основним акцентом на iOS та частково на Android 
  * Створювати, виконувати та управляти наборами автоматизованих тестів за допомогою таких інструментів, як XCTest, EarlGrey і Appium 
  * Виконувати ручне та автоматизоване функціональне, регресійне тестування, а також тестування на сумісність та продуктивність 
  * Керувати тестовими середовищами на фізичних та віртуальних пристроях, інтегруючи їх із сервісами для тестування пристроїв 
  * Інтегрувати автоматизовані тести в CI/CD конвеєри для забезпечення безперервної доставки 
  * Надавати чіткі та регулярні звіти про стан тестування і його результати 
  * Тісно співпрацювати з розробниками та власниками продукту для повного розуміння бізнес-вимог 
  * Просувати та впроваджувати найкращі практики автоматизації мобільного тестування, тестування доступності та валідації SDK. **  
******

**Вимоги:**

  * Мінімум 3 роки досвіду в тестуванні мобільних додатків 
  * Практичний досвід автоматизованого тестування мобільних платформ із основним акцентом на iOS 
  * Поглиблений рівень володіння хоча б однією з таких мов програмування: Swift чи Objective-C 
  * Практичний досвід роботи з фреймворками автоматизації тестування мобільних додатків, такими як XCTest, EarlGrey або Appium 
  * Знання мобільних операційних систем і інструментів для їх налагодження (Xcode для iOS, ADB для Android) 
  * Впевнене знання Git та інструментів CI, таких як GitHub Actions та CircleCI 
  * Володіння англійською мовою на рівні не нижче Upper-Intermediate 

**Перевагою буде:**

  * Досвід роботи із Kotlin або Java 
  * Практичний досвід роботи із сервісами тестування пристроїв, такими як SauceLabs, BrowserStack або AWS Device Farm 

**Персональний профіль:**

  * Сильне аналітичне та алгоритмічне мислення, із вмінням знаходити першопричини та пропонувати ефективні рішення 
  * Увага до деталей 
  * Мислення, спрямоване на постійне вдосконалення та оптимізацію особистих і командних робочих процесів.