Join a FinTech/blockchain initiative that’s redefining digital identification
and payments. As a Senior iOS Developer, you’ll contribute to a mobile-first
platform integrating blockchain, NFC, and QR technologies to deliver seamless
identity verification, payments, and rewards. This role offers remote
flexibility and the chance to work on a product with both mass-market appeal
and B2B reach. At Sigma Software, we partner with forward-thinking companies
to deliver innovative solutions. Here, you’ll be part of a project with global
scale, cutting-edge tech, and strong growth potential. Why join us? You’ll
work at the intersection of financial innovation, blockchain, and HealthTech,
shaping solutions adopted worldwide.  
  
**Customer  
** Our Customer is a publicly listed technology company operating at the
intersection of financial innovation, blockchain, and HealthTech. They focus
on developing cutting-edge digital asset solutions, including a U.S. dollar-
backed deposit token built with integrated digital identity and yield
functionality. Combining blockchain with HealthTech applications, they aim for
global adoption through strategic partnerships and strict compliance with
financial regulations.  
  
**Project  
** This mobile-first platform leverages blockchain, NFC, and QR technology to
integrate retail loyalty programs with enterprise networking tools. Users can
instantly share verified contacts, payments, and rewards. The product combines
hardware and software integration with global reach and significant growth
potential. Key technologies: iOS, Swift, UIKit/SwiftUI, blockchain, NFC, and
QR code technology.  
  
**Responsibilities  
**

  * Develop high-quality iOS applications following SOLID principles and Clean Architecture 
  * Implement strong modularization of app components 
  * Build design systems and reusable UI components 
  * Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Android developers and Back-end engineers 

**Requirements**

  * 5+ years of iOS app development experience 
  * Deep knowledge of SOLID principles and Clean Architecture 
  * Strong modularization skills 
  * Experience building design systems and reusable components 
  * Proficiency in Swift, UIKit, and SwiftUI 
  * Upper-Intermediate level of English 

**Will be a plus:**

  * Experience with crypto wallets 
  * Experience with video processing or streaming features 

_______________________________________  
  

Приєднуйся до фінтех/блокчейн проєкту, який змінює підхід до цифрової
ідентифікації та платежів. Як Senior iOS Developer, ти будеш працювати над
мобільною платформою, яка інтегрує блокчейн, NFC та QR технології для надійної
верифікації, платежів та винагород. Ця посада пропонує гнучкість дистанційної
роботи та можливість працювати над продуктом, який має як масовий попит, так і
B2B-покриття.

Чому варто приєднатися до нас? У Sigma Software ти працюватимеш із
прогресивною командою над рішеннями глобального масштабу з передовим стеком і
сильним потенціалом зростання. Цей проєкт пропонує можливість працювати на
стику фінансових інновацій, блокчейну та технологій охорони здоров’я, формуючи
рішення, які застосовуються в усьому світі.  
  
**Замовник**  
Наш клієнт — це публічна технологічна компанія, що працює на стику фінансових
інновацій, блокчейну та технологій охорони здоров’я. Вона зосереджується на
розробці передових рішень для цифрових активів, зокрема депозитного токена,
забезпеченого доларом США, з інтегрованою функцією цифрової ідентифікації та
прибутковості. Поєднуючи блокчейн із технологіями охорони здоров’я, компанія
прагне до глобального впровадження своїх рішень через стратегічні партнерства
та суворе дотримання фінансових нормативних вимог.  
  
**Проєкт  
** Ця мобільна платформа використовує технології блокчейн, NFC та QR для
інтеграції програм лояльності роздрібної торгівлі з корпоративними мережевими
інструментами. Користувачі можуть миттєво обмінюватися перевіреними
контактами, надсилати платежі та винагороди. Продукт поєднує апаратну та
програмну інтеграцію, має глобальне охоплення і значний потенціал зростання.  
Ключові технології: iOS, Swift, UIKit/SwiftUI, блокчейн, NFC та QR-коди.

**Обов’язки**

  * Розробляти високоякісні iOS-застосунки, використовуючи принципи SOLID та Clean Architecture 
  * Запроваджувати продуману модульність компонентів застосунку 
  * Створювати дизайн-системи та компоненти інтерфейсу користувача, що можуть використовуватися повторно 
  * Співпрацювати з кросфункціональними командами, зокрема з Android-розробниками та бекенд-інженерами 

**Вимоги  
**

  * 5+ років досвіду розробки iOS-застосунків 
  * Глибокі знання принципів SOLID та Clean Architecture 
  * Сильні навички модульного проєктування 
  * Досвід розробки дизайн-систем та багаторазових компонентів 
  * Впевнене володіння Swift, UIKit, та SwiftUI 
  * Володіння англійською мовою на рівні Upper-Intermediate 

**Перевагою буде:**

  * Досвід роботи з криптогаманцями 
  * Досвід реалізації відеообробки або стримінгових функцій 

****