### Job Description

As a **Mobile Engineer — iOS** , you’ll be a part of a new **eCommerce POS
product** that empowers users to manage their businesses on the go. Our team
is taking an exciting journey to create a next-generation iOS POS application
entirely from scratch — blending the latest in Swift, UIKit, and clean
architecture to deliver a sleek, high-performance experience.

You’ll work closely with a team of experts, taking ownership of technical
challenges and contributing to the creation of this product from scratch. In
your day-to-day, you will:

  * Build products from the ground up, ensuring high-quality performance 
  * Write full-cycle code and develop iOS app architecture from scratch 
  * Participate in code reviews and knowledge-sharing sessions with the team 
  * Establish and implement development best practices 

### Requirements

  * 3+ years of experience in iOS engineering with Swift, UIKit, SwiftUI, and Combine 
  * Skilled in using tools like Tuist, XcodeGen, Alamofire, GRDB, and Swinject 
  * Familiarity with Clean Architecture principles 
  * Proactive engineer with a product mindset and excellent collaboration skills 

### About the Team

Our hybrid Kyiv-Dnipro team thrives in a dynamic environment where creativity
meets technical excellence, and every voice matters. With our POS solutions
already powering businesses across the US and Canada, we’re now setting our
sights on new markets and bigger challenges. Along the way, we tackle complex
technical problems — from seamless payment integrations to optimizing
performance at scale — ensuring our solutions are as robust as they are
innovative.

### About Wix

Wix makes it possible for anyone to succeed online.

Since 2006, we’ve grown to around 5,300 employees in 22 countries, launched
over 40 products, and serve over 282 million users and their visitors
worldwide.

At Wix, we push you to innovate, evolve in non-traditional ways, and
collaborate. We operate in small teams that work closely together at a high
level.

Although we’re already industry leaders in web creation and business, our work
is nowhere near done. Our goal is to become the main engine of the Internet so
we can create a more open web for all.

_We’re proud to be an equal opportunity company. Wix was built around the idea
that everyone has the right to be successful, online. This same vision defines
us as a company: creating a work environment where everyone is welcome, and
anyone has the right to succeed._