**Spalah** is a Ukrainian venture builder that connects ambitious tech
businesses with the international stage, fostering an ecosystem for rapid
growth. We unite visionary founders and diverse talent to create companies
that drive global progress. Our portfolio features over 10 projects spanning
Adtech, Martech, Mobile apps, and more.

As we scale, we are seeking **Creative** **Motion Designer** to join our
AppLab — our venture-backed team testing bold ideas, building next-gen health
& welness, productivity apps, and empowering users worldwide to live better
lives.

**What you will be doing:**

  * creating short videos to promote the application on Facebook, Instagram or TikTok;
  * ability to work with templates from stock images — find, disassemble, & change;
  * innovating by seeking fresh ideas and developing creative concepts;
  * enhancing performance by analysing creative results and creating variations of successful concepts;
  * collaboration with ChatGPT on text for creative videos;
  * collaborating closely with marketing specialists to brainstorm ideas and assess competitive advertising strategies.

**Your background:**

  * over 3 years of experience with Adobe tools (After Effects, Photoshop, Illustrator);
  * familiarity with Figma and creating UI animations;
  * proven experience in designing creatives and illustrations;
  * solid understanding of animation principles;
  * basic copywriting skills;
  * experience writing prompts with ChatGPT;
  * keen awareness of the latest design and animation trends.

**What we offer you:**

  * flexibility and freedom:choose fully remote, hybrid, or office-based work yourself;
  * strong team:work alongside some of the industry’s top talent;
  * unlimited growth:grow in multiple directions, get freedom to launch your own product;
  * career development: take courses, attend top-notch conferences, explore digital library for nonstop growth;
  * health support: get medical insurance, paid vacation and sick leaves, and access to a corporate psychologist;
  * fun and culture: enjoy off site parties, team-buildings, sport events, and corporate gifts.

Thanks for your time.  
Let`s bring things to the next level?