**About us:**

Gismart is a value-driven mobile app developer with a strong presence in the
Health & Wellness, Utilities, and Music app markets. We have recently achieved
a significant milestone of over 1 billion downloads worldwide, taking a step
toward our mission of cultivating the well-being of people worldwide. With
headquarters in London, UK, Gismart is a dynamic global company with a reach
extending across Europe and far beyond. Our determined team comprises over 250
individuals who bring diversity, creativity, innovation, and relentless drive
to the company. Gismart unites professionals from diverse backgrounds in
entertainment, music, and tech, allowing us to play to each other’s strengths
and succeed as a team.

Our mission:

**Become a stepping stone on our customers’ journeys of self-improvement.**

Our values:

  * **Growth:** The essence of life is curiosity, so we never stop learning, discovering, and growing both as individuals and as a company.
  * **Impact:** Be a force for good and pay it forward.
  * **Trust:** Trust is earned when actions meet words.
  * **Honesty:** Have the courage to face the truth.
  * **Balance:** The formula is unique for everyone but essential for a fulfilling life.

If you are passionate about mobile app development and want to join a company
that’s reshaping the industry, Gismart is the place for you. We provide
exciting career opportunities, a supportive workplace culture, and the chance
to contribute to a team that is making a tangible impact. For more information
on Gismart, visit [gismart.com](http://gismart.com/).

**What you’ll do:**

  * Leading all phases of mobile product design
  * Conceptualizing original ideas and bringing them to life
  * Articulating design guidelines, such as informational and visual hierarchy, typography, and iconography
  * Obtaining feedback on your product to iterate, drive improvements in future releases
  * Work on product monetization
  * Create animations (After Effects, Lottie) and pass them on to developers
  * Participation in research
  * Work with various web onboardings

**Key qualifications:**

  * Three or more years of experience designing and shipping mobile applications
  * Proficiency with Figma for UI design
  * Proficiency with Figma Prototype
  * UX experience
  * Animation/motion graphics
  * Good knowledge of Apple and Google design guidelines
  * Good taste and understanding of the latest mobile design trends
  * Portfolio should demonstrate mobile design skills (layout/composition, typography, iconography, etc.)
  * Links to the designed apps live in stores (iOS, Android)

**Will be a plus:**

  * Proficiency in the architecture and constraints of native applications for all devices
  * Experience in testing product hypotheses
  * Experience in growth hacking metrics
  * Experience in working with analytical systems for collecting product metrics
  * English (intermediate or higher)

**Employee Benefits:**

  * **Remote-First Culture:** Our team is diverse and extensive, just like our product portfolio. We provide a flexible working schedule and let you work anywhere in the world, either remotely or in one of our corporate hubs.
  * **Сoworking Compensation:** We provide 50% compensation for coworking spaces worldwide to make sure that everyone has a comfortable and inspiring workspace.
  * **Flexible Public Holidays Policy:** Gismart provides its employees with 6 fixed public holidays per year and gives you the freedom to choose 5 additional holidays to your liking.
  * **100% Sick Leave Compensation**
  * **Mental and Physical Health:** To help you stay happy and healthy, Gismart will partially cover your medical insurance, sports activities, therapy costs.
  * **Personal Equipment Policy:** Of course, we’ll provide you with all the equipment you need or cover the maintenance cost for your own tools.
  * **Personal Learning and Development:** We love to see you learn and grow, so Gismart will cover 70% of your professional development courses. We’ll also pay for 100% of corporate English courses.
  * **Time-Off Policy:** Every employee gets 18 working days of paid vacation and 3 personal days per year, with an extra day added for each year at Gismart.
  * **Corporate Events:** We are remote-first, but we love meeting up in person. Whenever possible, we organize corporate events and team-building activities across all Gismart hubs.