**Ciklum** is looking for a **Senior User Researcher** to join our team full-
time in Ukraine.

We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational
organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business
challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers,
consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that
redefines industries and shapes the way people live.

**About the role:**

As a Senior User Researcher, become a part of a cross-functional development
team engineering experiences of tomorrow.

We’re looking for a Senior User Researcher to join our team to help shape
products and services that solve real problems for real people. You’ll bring
strong research skills, an experimental yet rigorous mindset, to guide product
teams and businesses in building impactful products.

## Responsibilities:

  * Own user research stream on the project: from spotting opportunities through planning, user recruitment and execution, to helping the team embed insight into the product
  * Set up and manage user research process throughout discovery and delivery of a project, ensuring they fit seamlessly within agile workflows
  * Conduct various types of research, depending on the context: exploratory, assessment, evaluative, quantitative and qualitative
  * Collaborate with the wider user research team on enhancing the practice: contribute to guidelines, knowledge sharings, supporting people who do research
  * Consult presale teams on user research approaches for potential new projects, if needed

## Requirements:

  * Well-versed in core user research methods and able to execute them independently; this is the minimum expectation for the role before we look at advanced skills
  * An experimental mindset combined with rigour: you are comfortable trying new tools and approaches, while knowing the true value of user research and guardrails
  * Proven experience assessing and validating early product concepts with various methods, not only interviews
  * Skilled in defining customer segmentation
  * Experience with recruiting participants for research
  * A star facilitator, known for leading workshops, design sprints, and co-creation sessions that spark creativity and build alignment
  * Strong sense of ownership and the drive to move work forward without waiting to be asked. You thrive on minimal direction: we’ll support you, but we want you to be the one moving things forward
  * Stellar communication: advising, negotiating, and effectively collaborating with stakeholders at all levels
  * ble to connect the dots and create compelling, evidence-led narratives that impact the way stakeholders think, build empathy for customers and guide product decisions
  * Strong at managing priorities and deadlines: ready to stay organised and adaptable when things get busy or change direction
  * Well-versed in tools that streamline research: Maze, Dovetail or similar tools for synthesis, repositories, unmoderated testing etc.
  * 4+ years of hands-on experience in a standalone user research role

## Desirable:

  * Data analytics experience
  * Design experience
  * Experience in pre-sale activities

## What’s in it for you?

  * Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door environment
  * Growth focus: Take on large-scale projects with a global impact and expand your expertise
  * Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
  * Endless opportunities: Explore diverse domains through internal mobility, finding the best fit to gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies
  * Flexibility: Enjoy radical flexibility — work remotely or from an office, your choice
  * Care: We’ve got you covered with company-paid medical insurance, mental health support, and financial & legal consultations

**About us:**

At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to
achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with
cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a
One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.  
  
As one of Ukraine’s largest IT companies and a top employer recognized by
Forbes, we’ve spent over 20 years delivering meaningful tech solutions. We
proudly support diverse talent and military veterans, recognizing their unique
skills and perspectives they bring to shaping the future.  
  
Want to learn more about us? Follow us on **[
_Instagram_](https://www.instagram.com/ciklum/),
[_Facebook_](https://www.facebook.com/Ciklum/),
[_LinkedIn_](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ciklum/)**.

**Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!**

Interested already?  
We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. Can’t wait to see
you at Ciklum.