ArtPix 3D is a leading provider of Personalized 3D Crystals. We preserve
sentimental photos in high-quality crystal with the latest subsurface laser
engraving technology. Our products make unique presents for special occasions
and excellent corporate awards and gifts.

ArtPix 3D is a leading product company specializing in developing its own
software solutions for ERP systems and e-commerce projects.

ArtPix 3D is seeking a UI/UX Designer/Product Designer to join us! The UI/UX
Designer will work closely with the CEO, UI/UX Designers, Business Analysts,
developers, and marketing team. This role includes product-centric interaction
and interface design and interactive prototypes, responsible for creating and
communicating concepts, implementing strategies, building/maintaining design
systems and developing interactive customer flows and experiences. The UI/UX
Designer will work on visual design initiatives that adhere to design
principles and overall consistency.

**Required skills:**

  * 5+ years of experience in interface design development.
  * 3+ years of experience in D2C eCommerce.
  * UX design development (UX research, UX writing, Wireframing, Interactive design (create more accurate layouts based on wireframing).
  * Basic HTML, CSS, and Javascript skills, Analytics skills).
  * UI design development.
  * Visual communication (working with layouts, colors, fonts, icons, and other visual elements).
  * Building a design system.
  * Expertise in eCommerce (sales funnels, main KPIs, how web page elements influence KPIs).
  * Confident understanding of modern trends in the development of D2C & B2B websites. 
  * High level of knowledge of Figma, Adobe XD, Adobe Photoshop, and Adobe Illustrator skills.
  * Excellent communication and time management skills.
  * Good organizational skills.
  * Teamwork.
  * Good analytical and decision-making skills.
  * Analyzing user feedback and activity.
  * Assisting with content development.
  * Conducting competitor and customer analysis.
  * Attention to detail.
  * English: Upper-Intermediate.

**Will be a plus:**

  * Baymard’s UX Research Methodology. 

**Responsibilities:**

  * Planning and managing all stages of the design projects.
  * Assigning tasks and reviewing the work of Designers.
  * Consulting with teams to understand their goals.
  * Explaining user research results to stakeholders.
  * Developing personas and usage scenarios.
  * Conducting usability testing.
  * Creating wireframes, storyboards, sitemaps and screen flows.
  * Creating product prototypes.
  * Driving creativity & technology within the team.
  * Mentoring team members.

**We offer:**

  * Decent financial reward.
  * Remote work.
  * Work in a young, friendly team with interesting tasks.
  * An environment in which you will continuously develop and reach new heights.
  * Opportunity for career and professional growth.
  * Paid vacation, holidays, and sick leaves.
  * English classes compensation.
  * Schedule 5/2, flexible.

**Company description**

ArtPix 3D is an IT product company that has been developing its own product
since 2017.

ArtPix 3D proves innovative mementos by combining glass laser photo engraving
technology and imagination.

Our offices are based in Chicago, USA, and Ukraine.

Our mission is to provide our clients with high-quality and excellent products
worldwide, making it possible to make the perfect gift for your friends,
family, and business partners, which they will love and will last forever.

We’re not just a business that offers efficient service and an amazing product
but we’re also people. Our team comprises engineers, QAs, designers, managers,
and analysts, but we all have one common objective: to make your experience at
ArtPix 3D the best it can be.

We are looking for our team’s best people and specialists to achieve this.

We`re looking for a UI/UX Designer and invite you to join us!