We are looking for a Senior UI Designers to join a project on a contract
basis. You can find their details below.

Please note, this position is for one project, not an in-house position, so
**the social package** , including benefits like sick leave, public holidays,
days off, vacations, accounting and necessary equipment provision, **is not
covered by Selecto**.

**Project — Website**

Description: the project aims to diversify the economy and reduce oil
dependence. It focuses on sectors like healthcare, education, infrastructure,
and tourism.  
Client’s location: the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.  
Responsibilities: supporting the ongoing project, primarily with a focus on
UI.  
Team composition: developers, content team, SEO, BA, Project Manager.  
Working hours: from 8 am Kyiv time.  
Timeline of cooperation: approximately 1 month with the possibility of
prolongation.

  
**We would describe our everyday life as follows:**

  * Product design from research to release.
  * Diversity of interesting design-oriented B2C/B2B projects with no enterprise long-terms
  * A high bar for functional and emotional design.
  * Direct communication with customers — workshops, pitching ideas, interviews, brainstorming.
  * Continuous work on our processes, team development, and internal design culture.

  
**You are a great fit if you have:**

  * Deep understanding of UX design principles and methodologies.
  * Strong and modern visual design skills.
  * Good communication skills in English (Upper-Intermediate at least).
  * Highly developed team play skills.