QA Madness is a European IT service company that focuses strongly on QA and
cybersecurity. The company was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Poland.

  
Our client is looking for a **Mobile Developer** for the tipping platform.  
Must have good communication skills in English.

**Work type** : Remote.  
**Technical level** : Senior.  
**Job category** : Development.  
**Project** : Tipping and gratuities system.  
**English leve** l: Upper-Intermediate.

**Responsibilities:**

— Build and deliver robust Android solutions for payment applications;  
— Implement scalable features based on product roadmap and team input;  
— Work closely with product managers, designers, QA, and backend developers;  
— Contribute to architectural decisions and continuously refactor to maintain
clean codebases;  
— Ensure code quality through comprehensive testing and active participation
in code reviews;  
— Monitor app performance and take steps to address issues proactively;  
— Participate in agile processes and help evolve development workflows.

**Required Skills:**

— 5+ years of hands-on experience in Java;  
— Building and maintaining Android applications (experience with IOS
applications will be a plus);  
— Basic knowledge of Typescript, JS and React Native;  
— Understanding and experience in MVP and MVVM;  
— Experienced with well-known development and testing frameworks;  
— Experience building service-oriented architectures, design patterns, data
structures;  
— Test-driven development and continuous delivery;  
— **Upper-intermediate** level of spoken and written English.

**What We Offer** :

— Competitive salary in USD or EUR and good compensation package (reviews on
demand to ensure your compensation reflects your growth and impact);  
— Corporate English courses with native speakers;  
— Remote work opportunity;  
— Flexible work schedule (Enjoy the freedom to start your 8-hour workday at a
time that fits your schedule best, anytime between 8 a.m. and 11 a.m.);  
— The ability to focus on your work: a lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement
(no tracking tools).

**Steps of the interview process** :

**STEP 1** : Send your resume and complete the questionnaire.  
**STEP 2** : Go through the screening interview with a Tech Recruiter.  
**STEP 3** : Interview with a client.  
**STEP 4.** Test Task.