### Job Description

As a **Mobile Engineer — Android** , you’ll be a part of the**Wix’s POS (Point
of sale)** team, a business solution for brick and mortar businesses in the US
and Canada market.

You’ll work closely with a team of experts developing POS eco-system built
from several Android applications for custom hardware with its own release
system and pipeline. Our ambition is to evolve POS into a full platform for
different Wix services and for third parties.

In your day-to-day, you will:

  * Develop and maintain the Android POS Platform, a suite of 10+ applications and various libraries and modules
  * Manage the entire lifecycle of feature development, from initial discussions with product teams, defining requirements, and providing estimates, to coding in collaboration with the team, delivering robust solutions to end-users
  * Integrate with 3rd party SDKs and applications
  * Advocate and present chosen architectures to the team, playing an active role in the evolution of our tech stack

  * Proactively participate in technical discussions to improve existing architecture and developer experience

### Requirements

  * A self-motivated professional with a strong sense of ownership and drive, with a minimum of 3 years experience in Android development
  * An overall understanding of Android framework, including the Android SDK, Java, and Kotlin
  * Familiarity with Kotlin Coroutines, Jetpack Compose, and Android Architecture components
  * Good understanding of software design patterns such as MVC, MVP, and MVVM, and experience implementing them in Android applications 
  * Experience with Dependency Injection frameworks like Dagger or Koin, as well as CI/CD pipelines, build automation and continuous integration tools such as Jenkins or Github Actions
  * Experience with UI testing frameworks such as Espresso or UI

### About the Team & the Guild

Wix POS provides a complete ecosystem, including hardware, payment processing,
and inventory management in order to allow brick-and-mortar stores to unify
and manage their online and offline sales.

Wix POS is a part of Wix’s Mobile Guild, whose mission is to enable anyone
worldwide to build any mobile application using our infrastructure. The guild
is spread across 40+ groups gathered from the experts in their respective
fields. It builds the apps using a unique multi-module architecture that
allows working together independently. We take ownership of what we do and
enjoy taking on any technical challenge that stands in our way.

### About Wix

Wix makes it possible for anyone to succeed online.

Since 2006, we’ve grown to around 5,300 employees in 22 countries, launched
over 40 products, and serve over 282 million users and their visitors
worldwide.

At Wix, we push you to innovate, evolve in non-traditional ways, and
collaborate. We operate in small teams that work closely together at a high
level.

Although we’re already industry leaders in web creation and business, our work
is nowhere near done. Our goal is to become the main engine of the Internet so
we can create a more open web for all.

_We’re proud to be an equal opportunity company. Wix was built around the idea
that everyone has the right to be successful, online. This same vision defines
us as a company: creating a work environment where everyone is welcome, and
anyone has the right to succeed._