Are you an experienced **Android Developer** eager to create impactful
solutions in the fintech industry? Join our dynamic team to design and develop
a cutting-edge Android application for a regulated Payments Institution. With
a focus on innovation, collaboration, and security, you’ll have the
opportunity to work on challenging projects, shape app features from the
ground up, and drive growth for businesses through advanced payment solutions.

### REQUIREMENTS

**We’re looking for an Android developer who has** :

  * 3+ years of experience in Android development, preferably with fintech or financial applications;
  * Proficiency in Kotlin and Java and experience with Android Studio;
  * Strong knowledge of Android SDK, Jetpack, and ViewModel architecture;
  * Experience with RESTful APIs and third-party library integrations;
  * Familiarity with version control systems like Git;
  * Strong understanding of security practices, encryption, and data privacy regulations, especially in fintech;
  * Knowledge of Material Design Guidelines and best practices for Android UI/UX design;
  * Experience with Bluetooth, payment gateway integration, and handling secure financial transactions is a plus;
  * Familiarity with Agile development methodologies;
  * Strong problem-solving abilities, attention to detail, and the capacity to work in a collaborative team environment;
  * Good communication skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.

### RESPONSIBILITIES

**As an Android Developer, you will** :

  * Develop and maintain a fintech Android application from MVP, ensuring high performance, responsiveness, and quality;
  * Collaborate closely with product managers, designers, and backend engineers to define app features and functionalities;
  * Write clean, maintainable, and scalable code following industry best practices;
  * Implement new features, ensuring stability and enhancing app performance;
  * Integrate with third-party APIs, payment gateways, and secure data storage solutions;
  * Perform code reviews, participate in technical discussions, and contribute to architectural decisions;
  * Continuously evaluate, discover, and implement new technologies to enhance development efficiency;
  * Identify and fix bugs, optimize performance, and ensure the app adheres to security and data privacy standards, especially in financial applications;
  * Ensure the app complies with Android design guidelines and fintech regulations.

### ABOUT PROJECT

### Description

A regulated Payments Institution specializing in Acquiring, Issuing and Mobile
Payments with a license granted by the Central Bank of Cyprus . We provide
online merchants with reliable and effective acquiring solutions.

Our vision is to empower business growth through innovation in payments.

Our mission is to be the people that take care of the payments and the
platform that powers the growth.

### Project Team

6 people

### WHAT WILL YOU GET WITH KINDGEEK

### **We want you to thrive and feel supported**

  *  _**Professional growth:**_ at Kindgeek, we want our employees to grow and achieve ambitious professional goals. We support professional development with training and certification refunds and provide regular feedback and technical reviews.
  * _**Benefits package:**_ Kindgeek offers all team members competitive compensation and a benefits package that includes 18 working days of fully paid vacation, 10 compensated by 50% sick leaves without a note from the doctor, and an opportunity to take study leaves. Depending on how long you stay in the company, you can receive different health insurance packages from our partners.
  * _**Personal growth:** _as a part of our team, you will have access to corporate English courses with a 50% reimbursement, take advantage of our offline library and access a large selection of corporate training and classes. Also, every employee can request any internal or external training or certification if it applies to his or her work responsibilities.
  * _**Geek community:**_ at Kindgeek, we value community — even in the full-scale invasion times, we take every opportunity to stick together. Our geeks organise various online and offline clubs — from stretching and skiing to English. We volunteer together and support each other.
  * _**Flexibility:**_ Kindgeek offers a hybrid working model. Team members can work remotely or from the office or Kindgeek London Hub — an innovative cafe-style co-working in Lviv (it’s pet-friendly!).

### **We encourage you to apply**

At Kindgeek, we encourage everyone to apply — regardless of nationality, race,
gender, marital status, disability, sexual identity, or religion. We are
growing into an inclusive, equal-opportunity company where only
professionalism, competence, and ideas matter. We are committed to supporting
mobilised employees and veterans joining Kindgeek and facilitating their
career development. We aim to bring equal opportunities to all team members
and candidates — especially those underrepresented in technological companies.