> _We are looking for a results-driven and motivated**junior QA Manual** to
> join our team full-time in Ukraine. This role focuses on working in a cross-
> functional development team, modern technologies and practices._

**About us:** Our product is one of the most comprehensive fleet management
systems available on the market, whether you are looking for live information
or need to retrospectively analyse your asset performance. Our software offers
full visibility, traceability and cost control, from planned maintenance and
defect reporting; stock control and purchasing; safety and compliance. Vital
information can be accessed in real-time at the touch of a button.

Now, we are looking for a results-driven and motivated candidate to fill the
**QA manual position**.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Work with Ticket Management Systems to register and manage issues (Jira, Zoho etc.), perform validation and verification after changes and fixes applied;
  * Testing of newly developed software functionality as well as existing functionality;
  * Investigation of software issues relating to Fleet Management product;
  * Requirements Analysis, Test Planning and Test Execution based on the Product Requirements;
  * Perform end-to-end core and web testing (backend and frontend parts, desktop applications);
  * Work with functional and UI testing;
  * Coordinate resolution of reported issues with Development Teams;
  * Creation of test documentation.

**Necessary skills:**

  * 1-3 years work experience as a QA manual;
  * Strong knowledge of QA theory, QA processes, and understanding of SDLC;
  * Understanding and experience with API testing;
  * Work experience with JSON, Postman;
  * Solid knowledge of SQL;
  * Troubleshooting skills: issues, logs analysis, anomaly & bug detection and documentation of issues found;
  * Experience in GUI testing;
  * Ability to work independently with minimum supervision;
  * A high level of communication is a must;
  * Candidates must be responsible, take their own initiative, must be self-organised, eager to learn and must be able to perform under pressure also be able to work as part of
  * Basic knowledge of automated testing would be an advantage;
  * English — Intermediate+ (written and spoken).

**We offer:**

  * Competitive salary fixed in USD (full-time position).
  * Opportunity for professional growth and leadership development.
  * Work on the interesting stable international project.
  * Convenient office location with a hybrid work model.
  * Supportive and collaborative work environment with low bureaucracy.
  * Access to a variety of knowledge-sharing and training opportunities.
  * Free English classes.
  * 20 days of paid vacation and 5 paid sick leaves, paid public holidays.

_We look forward to receiving your application!_