We’re seeking a skilled and enthusiastic General Software Test Engineer to
join Materialise. In this role, you’ll be part of a team of passionate
professionals dedicated to making a difference in the world of medical
innovation.  
  
  
**What you will do**  
  
  

  * Define, design, and write test scenarios and test plans based on acceptance criteria
  * Perform manual regression testing.
  * Create automated tests for an industry-standard 3D medical image segmentation software: Mimics Core.
  * Register bugs and verify resolved bugs.
  * Create and maintain test documentation in accordance with established procedures.
  * Perform early checks for stories being implemented.
  * Write test plans and test case views.
  * Conduct regression testing.  
  
  

**Your profile**  
  
— Experience with the Python unittest library.  
— English language proficiency (at least B2 level, ability to communicate with
colleagues in a multinational environment).

— At least 2 years of hands-on experience in testing desktop or web products.

  * Strong understanding of test scenarios and test plan development.
  * Proficient in manual testing and automated test creation.
  * Able to create and maintain test documentation.
  * Proactive in performing early checks for stories being implemented.  
  
  

**Will be a plus**  
  

  * Degree in engineering, math, physics, or similar.
  * Experience working with complex desktop toolbox products.
  * Experience in manual testing of web products or automation testing of desktop products.
  * Familiarity with Azure DevOps tools (Azure Test Plans, Azure Boards) or similar.
  * Experience with Team Foundation Server (Test Management) or similar.