ELEKS [Quality Assurance Office](https://careers.eleks.com/about/quality-
assurance-office/) is looking for a Trainee AQA in our offices in Ukraine.  

#### ABOUT PROJECT

The company is spread all over the world, but the primary location is the USA.

It is committed to helping financial institutions worldwide grow assets
efficiently with its innovative portfolio management suite of data management,
investment accounting, and performance measurement solutions delivered over
its secure private cloud.

The customer deploys trusted solutions and services that create operational
efficiencies and help reduce complexity and risk. In addition to the cloud
solutions, Customer Management Services offering helps deliver enriched and
ready-for-use investment data. Customer-integrated technology, products, and
services help our clients to grow their assets efficiently and effectively.

#### REQUIREMENTS

  * Good theoretical knowledge of automation testing
  * Basic JavaScript / TypeScript programming language knowledge
  * Knowledge of software testing techniques and methodologies
  * Good understanding of test automation goals, areas of applicability, activities, and deliverables
  * Understanding of the specifics of testing web applications
  * Willing to learn and work with different technologies
  * Familiar with Agile Methodologies
  * Intermediate+ level of English, speaking, and writing skills
  * Good communication skills

#### RESPONSIBILITIES

  * Implement and execute tests at all planned levels, log and evaluate results and document deviations from the expected results
  * Use tests administration, monitoring, and management tools
  * Participate in test environment setup
  * Prepare and acquire test data
  * Contribute to test documentation creation

#### WHAT YOU WILL GET WITH ELEKS

  * Close cooperation with a customer
  * Challenging tasks
  * Competence development
  * Team of professionals
  * Dynamic environment with a low level of bureaucracy

#### ABOUT [ELEKS](https://careers.eleks.com/about/)

ELEKS is a custom software development company. We deliver value to our
clients, thanks to our expertise and experience gained from working as a
software innovation partner since 1991.

Our 2000+ professionals located in the Delivery Centers across Eastern Europe
and sales offices in Europe and North America, provide our clients with a full
range of software engineering services. These include product development, QA,
R&D, design, technology consulting and dedicated teams.