**Renesas** is a global semiconductor company providing hardware and software
solutions for a range of cutting-edge technologies including self-driving
cars, robots, automated factory equipment, and smart home applications. We are
a key supplier to the world’s leading manufacturers of the electronics you
rely on every day. You may not see our products, but they are all around you.

**Project description**

**Go Configure™ Software Hub Project Description:**

Renesas Go Configure™ Software Hub enables a completely graphical design
process allowing to configure, program and test custom chips. Go Configure™
Software Hub is a cross-platform suite of desktop applications (GreenPAK
Designer and ForgeFPGA Workshop) operating in different operating systems
(Linux, Windows and macOS) developed in C++11/C++14/C++17 and Qt Framework. It
supports design creation, SPICE simulation, emulation with hardware support &
IC programming, allowing real-time design iterations. It provides GUI-based
schematic capture approach to design entry, analog and digital signal
generators and analyzers and FPGA Development Platform (Verilog).

**Role Overview**

We are looking for a QA Automation Engineer with hands-on experience in Python
and pytest to join our team.  
The role involves automated testing of a cross-platform desktop application
using a custom automation framework.

**The role:**

  * Analyze software requirements;
  * Design and implement automated test cases using Python and pytest;
  * Execute test plans and generate test reports;
  * Maintain and improve test documentation;
  * Collaborate with developers and the QA team to ensure product quality.

**What we are looking for:**

  * Experience in writing and maintaining automated test cases using Python and pytest;
  * Experience working with Selenium or similar automation frameworks: we use a custom framework for cross-platform desktop application testing;
  * Experience in Test Management tool usage (TestRail, TestLink, etc.) and Project Management tool (Redmine, Jira, etc.);
  * Experience in Version Control System usage (SVN, GIT, etc.) and source code management solution (GitLab);
  * Experience in CI usage (Jenkins, etc.)
  * Ability to learn and adapt quickly in a dynamic environment;
  * Flexibility to support various team needs and be a team player.

**We offer:**

  * **Fixed-Term Contract —** 6 months (with the possibility of extension afterwards);
  * **Part-Time** employment (10 work hours per week);
  * Flexible working hours;
  * Friendly and highly professional team;
  * 14 calendar days paid vacation;
  * Professional & personal growth.

**Please submit your resume in English only.**