**Softsich** is a young and ambitious international product tech company that
develops scalable B2B digital platforms. We’re on the lookout for a talented
**Senior Manual QA Engineer** ready to take quality to the next level.

**Your responsibilities will include:**  
— Manual testing of games and game-related features (UI, UX, Functional,
Cross-browser, Cross-device).  
— Requirements analysis.  
— Test planning and effort estimation.  
— Writing, executing & maintaining test cases and check-lists.  
— Bug and defect handling, analyzing deviations between the defined and the
actual functional behavior and reporting bugs.  
— Ensuring requirements are met.**  
**

**It’s a match if you have:**  
— Strong knowledge of QA theory and agile methodologies.  
— Experience in manual, functional, and regression testing.  
— Mobile and cross-browser testing experience.  
— Analytical approach combining attention to detail and big-picture vision.  
— Practical experience in writing test documentation.  
— Practical experience in Web technologies (CSS/HTML5).  
— Practical experience in testing client/server architecture.  
— Experience in Confluence, JIRA.  
— Team player able to communicate with different departments to ensure the
best quality of the product.

**Nice to have:**  
— Experience with payment systems.

**What we offer:**  
— Flexible schedule and remote format or offices in Warsaw/Kyiv — you choose.  
— 24 paid vacation days, sick leaves, and health insurance (UA-based, other
locations in progress).  
— A supportive, friendly team where knowledge-sharing is part of the culture.  
— Coverage for professional events and learning.  
— Birthday greetings, team buildings, and warm human connection beyond work.  
— Zero joules of energy to the aggressor state, its affiliated businesses, or
partners.

Apply now and become part of Softsich’s growth story 🚀