**The Role:**

We have been developing products for Wall Street for the last 12 years. We
grow increasingly, and our products help attract more than $30 billion of
financing monthly.

Our clients: J.P.Morgan, Goldman Sachs, Dell, Ford, Tesla, and
[others](https://finsight.com/about).

The head office is in NY. The development office in Kyiv has operated for the
last 8 years and consists of 100+ specialists across 11 products, QA, DevOps,
and Architect teams.

We are seeking a motivated QA Engineer to join our talented team and
contribute to the success of our products. As a member of our QA team, you’ll
engage with new features continually released to production, contribute to our
evolving test automation framework, use up-to-date design system, work with
metrics, and leverage SAFe principles for seamless collaboration with
developers, DevOps, and designers. Analyzing detailed requirements, crafting
comprehensive test documentation, and refining testing processes will be
integral to your role, fostering ongoing improvements in product quality and
efficiency. Your insights will be valued in our collaborative environment,
where knowledge sharing and idea exchange are encouraged.

**  
  
Key requirements:**

● 3-4 years of professional experience in manual testing of Web products

● Understanding of different types of testing

● General knowledge of QA process in an Agile development process

● Experience with terminal, dev tools, MySQL

● Experience with testing Client/Server applications through UI and API

● Ability to analyze and document test results and convey said results in a
clear and detailed manner

● Be inclined to troubleshoot issues and errors

● Be strong self-motivated and work efficiently with minimal supervision

● Have good time management skills to estimate testing activities

● English level: Upper-intermediate (both written and verbal). We need it
because we use English for all documentation, tickets, and communication with
the NY office.

****

**  
Would be a plus:**

● Foundational skills in writing TypeScript-based automated tests

● Experience in the SAFe environment, utilizing its principles and practices.

**  
  
Key responsibilities:**

● Teamwork to identify, prioritize, and resolve potential risks, as well as
improve product quality and release flow

● Review requirements specifications and technical design documents to provide
timely and meaningful feedback

● Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test cases, checklists,
and other test docs

● Estimate, prioritize, plan, and coordinate testing activities

● Active Agile team member — analyze and predict affected places issues,
report and verify bugs to guarantee the quality of the developed solutions

● Perform Functional, UI, Exploratory, Integration, Regression, Performance
testing

● Actively engage in test automation initiatives, participating in code
reviews and pull request evaluations to ensure the quality and effectiveness
of software implementations

● Keep all QA-related documents/files up-to-date

Utilize SAFe principles and practices to support the agile development process
and promote alignment across teams

It would be advantageous if the candidate possesses foundational skills in
writing TypeScript-based automated tests, or demonstrates a strong willingness
to acquire them.

**  
  
We offer besides competitive salary:**

● The friendly and mature team (middle/senior level), where everyone can
contribute to the product

● Flexible working hours (you can start work from 8 till 12 depend on your
daily meeting)

● Remote work, with the ability to return to the Kyiv office when it’s
possible. Office in the city center — business center Panorama near the
Landscape Alley, 10 minutes from Golden Gate metro station; photos —
[jobs.dou.ua/...​up-
inc/photos/#photo83276](https://jobs.dou.ua/companies/finsight-group-
inc/photos/#photo83276),

● The informal style of leadership and communication, skilled management

● Work in an Agile environment

● Participation in seminars, trainings, and conferences

● English lessons online and the possibility to use English at work

● Team buildings and other activities

● Yearly salary review

● Paid vacation, paid sick leave

● Corporate medical insurance programs from the start date

● PE accounting and support

● Referral program.

**  
  
About Finsight:**

Finsight Group Inc. is a New York City-based product company that offers a
highly accessible, cost-effective, and frictionless environment to research,
prospect, structure, market, and monitor new issue and secondary market
securities.

We are a friendly, close-knit team of motivated and open-minded individuals
committed to personal development, solving real problems, and delivering
excellent products and services to our clients.

We develop four leading platforms in US Fixed Income. Every month, over $30
billion of financing is exclusively marketed through our software across all
major Wall Street banks and hundreds of the largest corporations in the world.

  

  
Our products:

  * [CreditFlow](https://www.notion.so/Front-End-React-Developer_Finsight-ART_August-2025-24d0fc8b26fe80cf85efeba0f63053d1?pvs=21) — a new issue deal database and search engine for global fixed income securities across ABS, IG and HY corporates.
  * Datarooms ([dealvdr.com](https://dealvdr.com/), [17g5.com](https://17g5.com/), [investorset.com](https://investorset.com/), [verisend.com](https://verisend.com/), [researchroom.com](https://researchroom.com/)) — an electronic data room used to share up to tens of thousands of files with counterparties, streamlining compliance with SEC Rule 17g5, and serving as a document library for corporates to streamline investor access to deal documentation and periodic reporting. Includes verbose user permissions.
  * [Deal Roadshow](https://dealroadshow.finsight.com/) — an electronic roadshow platform used to market deal and non-deal roadshows for equity, debt, municipal, and private placement offerings.
  * [Evercall](https://evercall.com/) — an operator-assisted conference call service that specializes in capital markets and corporate finance events.
  * [Allocate](https://allocate.finsight.com/) — a powerful archive and visualization solution for final allocations of a new issue book-building process.
  * [CapEdge](https://capedge.com/) — a database and search engine for SEC (EDGAR) filings and earnings transcripts
  * T-Rex — a powerful platform with software and data services for structured finance and private credit.