Precoro is an innovative AI-powered procurement centralization & automation
platform, helping companies eliminate manual tasks and control purchasing
activities across all subsidiaries.

**Over the past 10 years, we have:**

🚀 Gathered 100+ the best professionals in our team

🚀 Launched 10 large-scale integrations (including with Amazon, Slack, and
Google)

🚀 Helped 1000+ clients improve purchasing operations

We seek an experienced and strategic Head of Quality Assurance (QA) to develop
and lead our QA vision, strategy, and execution across the product. As the
Head of QA, you will be pivotal in ensuring the highest product quality,
performance, and user experience, as well as driving test automation, risk-
based testing, and continuous quality improvements.

This position requires a strong leader and technical expert who can build and
scale the QA team, implement modern testing frameworks, and work closely with
engineering, and product management to deliver seamless, high-quality
releases.

If you are passionate about quality, automation-first strategies and fostering
a culture of excellence, we’d love to hear from you!

**Please note:**  
This role is designed for an **in-office format** , as the entire team works
from our Kyiv office and closely collaborates on site.

### Key Responsibilities

### QA Strategy & Process Improvements

✔ Define and execute the overall QA strategy, ensuring alignment with product
roadmaps, customer expectations and business goals.

✔ Establish QA best practices, automation frameworks and testing methodologies
for functional and non-functional testing.

✔ Ensure testing is seamlessly integrated into Agile, and CI/CD processes,
focusing on shift-left testing and automation-first approaches.

✔ Define and track key quality metrics (KPIs) to measure product health, test
effectiveness and QA team performance.

✔ Drive continuous improvement initiatives, leveraging modern QA tools,
techniques and innovations.

### Leadership & Team Management

✔ Build, mentor and scale a high-performing QA team, ensuring the right mix of
skills and expertise.

✔ Provide technical leadership in test automation, performance testing and
agile testing methodologies.

✔ Promote a culture of quality ownership, ensuring teams take accountability
for product quality.

✔ Collaborate with engineering, product management and customer support to
ensure a seamless feedback loop for continuous product improvements.

✔ Serve as the primary point of contact for all QA-related matters, handling
escalations, risks and stakeholder communications.

### Automation & Continuous Testing

✔ Architect, implement and evolve test automation frameworks for UI, API and
backend testing.

✔ Integrate test automation into the CI/CD pipeline, ensuring fast, reliable
and scalable testing processes.

✔ Advocate for automated, risk-based and exploratory testing approaches,
ensuring product reliability and scalability.

### Risk Management & Quality Control

✔ Develop risk-based testing strategies to minimize defects and ensure stable,
high-quality releases.

✔ Lead root cause analysis and defect prevention initiatives, collaborating
with cross-functional teams to reduce production issues.

✔ Ensure compliance with industry standards and best practices in software
testing.

### Budget & Resource Management

✔ Manage the QA budget, ensuring cost-effective hiring, upskilling and
training of QA professionals.

✔ Optimize resource allocation to ensure effective coverage of testing across
the product.

### What We’re Looking For

✔ Proven experience as a Head of QA, QA Lead or QA Manager in a software
product environment.

✔ Strong technical expertise in software testing, test automation, performance
testing and security testing.

✔ Deep understanding of CI/CD pipelines, shift-left testing strategies.

✔ Experience in scaling QA teams, hiring and mentoring QA professionals.

✔ Expertise in risk management, test strategies and defect prevention.

✔ Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams.

✔ Strong stakeholder management skills, able to handle escalations and provide
clear status updates to executives.

✔ Proactive, strategic mindset, capable of making data-driven decisions.

✔ Upper-intermediate English level (written & spoken).

**What we offer:**

  * **Trust-first management** : Your ideas matter. We encourage initiative, not micromanagement.
  * **Support for your growth** : Enjoy reimbursements for professional learning — courses, workshops, and beyond.
  * **Flexible hours** : Focus on results, not clock-ins.
  * **Time off that matters** : 26 days of annual leave (15 vacation + 11 public holidays) and **unlimited sick leave**.
  * **Health coverage** : Comprehensive medical insurance (starting after 6 months).
  * **A furry-friendly office** : Yes, you can bring your pet! 🐾
  * **Supporting Ukraine:** We proudly assist the Armed Forces and contribute to [projects](https://precoro-sales.notion.site/Precoro-e7601f39148147918627fc7509681d42) that bring victory closer.

**Hiring Process**

Our hiring is quick and straightforward:

  1. **Interview with recruiter**
  2. **Interview with CEO**
  3. **Interview with other stakeholders (CTO, CPO)**

Join a team that values trust, transparency, and open communication. We foster
an environment where everyone is encouraged to contribute ideas, challenge the
status quo, and drive business growth!