Introduct Tech is an international company delivering software development
excellency in tailored solutions to our customers worldwide.  
The company is originally from Estonia, with headquarters in Kyiv and offices
in other countries.  
  
Introduct Tech welcomes talented professionals to join our challenging and
dynamic European project in Logistics Industry. We are looking for passionate,
innovative, results-oriented specialist with heart-deep commitment to success
to be a part of our international company.  
  
The project itself is end-to-end platform for managing routes, inventory,
pricing, reservations and distribution of rail and bus tickets in Europe.  
This is one of the most interesting and just not very standard projects that
we have had to deal with lately.  
  
**Requirements**

  * Knowledge of Software Development LC, Software Testing LC, Defect LC, testing theory;
  * 3+ years working experience in testing of Web-based applications;
  * Experience with bug tracking systems, as well as writing and executing test plans, test cases, defect management and reporting test results;
  * Experience to work in Scrum/Kanban;
  * Knowledge of web technologies: HTTP, HTML, CSS, SQL, AJAX;
  * Understanding client server architecture;
  * Strong troubleshooting skills;
  * Proactive, results-oriented personality;
  * Ability to prioritize personal workload;
  * Excellent communication skills, strong sense of responsibility, strong attention to details, ability to work within a team environment and good learning skills;
  * English spoken and written on the intermediate level or higher.
  * Ability to work as one QA in a team.

**Responsibilities**

  * Review and analyze system specifications;
  * Collaborate with QA Engineers to develop effective strategies and test plans;
  * Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results;
  * Evaluate product code according to specifications;
  * Create logs to document testing phases and defects;
  * Report bugs and errors to development teams;
  * Help troubleshoot issues;
  * Conduct post-release/ post-implementation testing;
  * Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle.

**Nice to have**

  * Work with tools is a plus: TestRail, Jira, Confluence, Gitlab, Postman etc.;
  * Experience with version control systems (git) is a plus.

**Working conditions**

  * Competitive salary
  * Flexible remote working schedule, with the opportunity to work on high-profile global projects.
  * Diverse, multinational team serving clients in over 10 countries.
  * Access to an international online office for seamless connectivity and collaboration.
  * Optional English classes for language proficiency enhancement.
  * Dedicated learning budget for courses and certifications to support professional development.
  * Necessary equipment provided for optimal performance (in Ukraine)