**It’s an amazing time to join Digicode!**  
As we continue empowering innovators to change the world, we deliver
outstanding technology consulting, R&D, design, and software development
services in the USA, UK, and EU markets. This is where you come in!

About the Client

Our client is an international software and development company specializing
in engaging, interactive, and innovative digital solutions. They enhance
business efficiency and streamline workflows by delivering customized products
that captivate users and address unique operational needs.

Their dynamic and creative team thrives on tackling challenges and delivering
exceptional results. If you have experience working with entertainment-focused
digital products and are eager to join a collaborative environment that values
innovation, creativity, and excellence, this opportunity is for you.

### **📍**** _Employees are required to work from our Kyiv or Poltava offices
at least once a week in a hybrid format._**

**Responsibilities**

— 1+ years of experience as QA Engineer

— Understanding of QA methodologies;

— Be able to develop Test Plan, Check Lists;

— Be able to determinate and estimate testing level and scope;

— Good knowledge of mobile platforms (iOS, Android) especially web
applications;

— Superb learning abilities.

**Desirable Requirements**

— Experience with work SVN/GIT;

— Jira/Confluence would be a plus;

— Be familiar with web debugging tools (be able to check response, use web
console);

— Experience with wrapper/hybrid apps would be a plus;

— Understanding of CI/CD principles.

**📌 Process:**

1\. Intro call with a recruiter

2\. Internal interview

3\. Interview with the client

**Boom!** Offer:)

**What to Expect From Digicode?**

**🌎 Work from Anywhere:** From an office, home, or even while traveling, as
long as you’re in the same time zone as your colleagues.

**💼 Professional Development:** Career growth opportunities, paid language
classes, conference and education budgets, and internal 42 Community training.

**󰩔 Work-Life Balance:** 18+ paid vacation days, paid sick leave, a flexible
schedule, medical insurance for employees and their children, and a monthly
wellness budget.

**🙌 Culture of Openness:** A community where everyone feels welcome, with
minimal bureaucracy and a flat organizational structure. Plus, enjoy corporate
gifts, celebrations, free snacks, and play/relax rooms for office
visitors.[career page](https://www.mydigicode.com/jobs/).

Does this revision align with your expectations? Let me know if you’d like
further refinements!