##

We are looking for an Automation QA Engineer to join our team.  
  

## Responsibilities:

  * Design and implementation of the Test Automation Framework.
  * Establishment of test scripts, test suites, and libraries for the automated test system.
  * Maintenance and improvements of CICD pipelines for mobile applications.
  * Maintenance of the fully integrated test automation focused on the infrastructure part of a client application.
  * Analysis of product quality related to data and develop automation projects from quality improvement to actively ensure product quality.
  * Functional and non-functional test automation coverage.
  * Work closely with the different departments, technical & business.
  * Identify new approaches to automation and new tools that can help to automate manual tests.

## Requirements:

  * At least 5+ years as an Automation QA Engineer
  * Experience with TypeScript.
  * Experience with automation tools: Playwright.
  * Experience with Jenkins / TeamCity.
  * Experience with Kafka.
  * Excellent problem-solving, and analytical skills.
  * Experience in testing applications — both for client & server side.
  * Experience in building test infrastructure and tools.
  * Experience in software development and test automation/design experience.
  * Proficient knowledge of Design patterns / Algorithms.
  * Quality assurance/testing experience.

## Nice to have:

  * Experience with continuous integration and deployment processes.
  * Experience with Appium.
  * Experience with Java.
  * Experience with SQL.

## Benefits:

  * Annual company bonus
  * Competitive salary & flexible working hours
  * Daily breakfast, lunch, and office refreshments
  * Private health insurance, dental coverage, and psychological counseling
  * 20 paid vacation days and 5 sick days per year
  * 6 long weekends and 1 day off for your birthday
  * Gifts for special occasions (birthday, Easter, Christmas, Women’s and Men’s Day, weddings, childbirth, etc.)
  * Technical library with the option to order books
  * Access to our educational platform with courses, training programs, and certifications
  * Career development through coaching and reviews
  * Internal mobility & referral program
  * Corporate celebrations, team-building events, and fun activities
  * Personal care in the office (nails, eyebrows, and barber services)
  * Modern offices (Kyiv, Vinnytsia, Dnipro) with organized shuttle buses to and from the office