Our client is solar and energy storage technology company specializing in
developing and manufacturing solar battery systems, hybrid inverters, and
chargers.

### **Requirements:**

  * Strong experience with **Python**.
  * Hands-on experience with **API testing** , **Pytest** , and **Playwright**.
  * Focus on **test coverage** , combined with **hands-on testing** across multiple environments.
  * Experience with **manual testing**.
  * Solid understanding of **smoke** and **regression testing** (UI and API).
  * Experience with **mobile testing** would be a plus.
  * Familiarity with **Jenkins** and **Bitbucket**.
  * Experience with **load testing tools** (e.g., **Locust**).

### **Responsibilities:**

  * Develop and maintain **automated load testing scripts**.
  * Create and execute **automated regression testing scripts** (UI and API).
  * Run **load testing scripts** , analyze results, and **identify system bottlenecks or performance issues**.

### **What we offer:**

  * Annual paid vacation of 18 working days.
  * Extra vacation days for long-lasting cooperation.
  * Annual paid sick leave of 10 days.
  * Maternity/Paternity leave.
  * The opportunity for sabbatical leave.
  * Marriage and Parenthood Package.
  * Compensation for sports activities (up to 250$ per year) or health insurance covering (70%) — after the trial period.
  * Internal education(corporate library, Udemy courses).
  * Career development plan.
  * English and Spanish classes.
  * Paying taxes and managing PE (Private Entrepreneur).
  * Technical equipment.
  * Internal Referral program.
  * Opportunity to take part in company volunteering activities.
  * Sombra is a “Friendly to Veterans” award-holder.

_If you believe you are a suitable candidate for this position, please attach
your updated resume using the provided link. Thank you for understanding. Our
recruitment team will review your profile, and if it aligns with our current
job openings, we will contact you shortly. If you don’t receive a reply from
us within 5 business days, it means we have decided to move forward with other
candidates._