**Who we are**

Evoplay is one of the leading iGaming providers, recognized for its innovative
approach to game development and technological solutions.

Our mission is to surprise not only the iGaming market but the entire
entertainment industry with our interesting and unique products. Our game
portfolio of 200+ titles, where each is a unique and exciting story, is
presented all over the world, including Europe, Latin America, Asia, and the
CIS. The key to this success is the teamwork of like-minded people who are
passionate about a common goal and love games. Evoplay is the first to
introduce a 3D/VR gambling game at ICE 2018, and created Dungeon: Immortal
Evil — the first 3D RPG-inspired hack and slash video slot in 2020. We have
received numerous nominations at prestigious iGaming awards ceremonies (EGR’s
Awards, CasinoBeats, SBC Awards, etc.).

**The expertise we’re looking for:**

  * At least 1 year of experience with client-server apps and web services;
  * Good knowledge of different testing methodologies and ability to implement them;
  * Preparation of testing documentation;
  * Experience in game design/tech documentation;
  * Deep understanding of REST API and WebSocket;
  * Awareness in product lifecycle;
  * Experience of work in an Agile (Scrum) development environment.

  
**Will be a plus:**  
— Experience in Gambling industry;  
— Strong ability to solve, manage and prevent problems independently;  
— Familiar with software development and testing tools: Git, Jira, TestRail;

**Your position will include**

  * Writing and working with test documentation;
  * Identify, record, document thoroughly and track bugs.
  * Working with Back-office
  * Working with in-house and external test tools;
  * Functional, exploratory, smoke, integration and regression testing;
  * Investigating production issues;
  * Working in cross-functional teams (Front-end devs, Back-end devs, Tech Artists, PM, Game Producers)
  * Testing games and game related features (such as user interface, usability, functionality.
  * Reporting and documenting technical issues.

**What we offer**

We’re here to make a difference! The iGaming world is fun. It’s an exciting
and fast-changing industry, and we provide people with different services for
their consistent growth, wellness and fun.

  * Corporate psychologist;
  * Gifts for significant occasions;
  * Legal support;
  * Flexible working hours;
  * Direct access to C-level and opportunity to suggest new business ideas and drive changes.

If you are ready to work in a dynamic team, passionate about the product,
technology, and the world of entertainment, we’re waiting for your CV and
portfolio to schedule an online/offline meeting and get to know each other
better!

Your CV will be carefully reviewed by our TA department, and if it meets the
requirements of the position, we will contact you within 3 business days to
discuss the possibility of scheduling an interview.