Dive deep into Digital! For 20 years Intellias has been developing top-tier
digital solutions for the world’s leading companies, keeping them in line with
the latest technology trends. Join in and provide innovations for the future!

### **What project we have for you**

The Client is a leading multi-brand technology solutions provider to business,
government, education and healthcare customers in the United States, the
United Kingdom and Canada. A Fortune 500 company and member of the S&P 500
Index, Client was founded in 1984 and employs approximately 15,000 coworkers.
For the trailing twelve months ended March 30, 2023, the company generated Net
sales over $22 billion.

You will join a brand new team that will focus on closing design gaps, fixing
bugs, and helping the company with the integration of the Salesforce
ecosystem.

### **What you will do**

  * **Full Software Development Life Cycle** : Proficiently manage all stages of the software development life cycle and take charge of project activities.
  * **Test Planning and Execution:** Create comprehensive test plans and test cases, and meticulously execute them. Conduct regression testing and validate system functionality for Salesforce / CPQ, to ensure alignment with business requirements. Ensure adherence to software quality assurance (SQA) standards and validate the achievement of business objectives. Identify critical issues and work towards their resolution, demonstrating a thorough understanding of the business problems being addressed.
  * **Test Automation on demand:** Develop and maintain test scripts for automated testing to eliminate repetitive manual testing efforts.
  * **Timely Delivery:** Complete projects and tasks according to commitments made to stakeholders and management. Report project/task status as part of daily scrum meetings with the agile team, product owners, and product managers.
  * **System Design Support:** Assist in the creation of high-level system narratives, storyboards, and user interface prototypes. Contribute to detailed design specifications to meet business requirements, providing valuable input for the technical team.
  * **Agile Methodology:** Actively engage in Agile ceremonies such as Scrum, Refinement, Planning, and Retrospectives.
  * **Collaboration:** Collaborate closely with Software Engineers, Product Owners, and Product Managers to address and resolve issues. Clearly communicate roadblocks and impediments to prevent delays in project deliverables.

### **What you need for this**

**Requirements**

  * 5+ years of Quality Assurance Experience
  * 1+ years of Salesforce ecosystem QA automation experience
  * Experience in Salesforce testing with external systems
  * Experience with one on the next tools JMeter, Jenkins, LoadRunner, Provar
  * Familiarity with Agile/Scrum methodology. Experience with project management systems (e.g., Azure DevOps)
  * Strong written and verbal communication skills for effective stakeholder interaction
  * Exceptional organizational, planning, and creative problem-solving abilities with meticulous attention to detail
  * Track record of delivering high-quality projects with minimal post-production issues
  * History of successfully balancing competing priorities and adapting to changing business needs while meeting deadlines
  * Shifted hours 10AM-7PM or 9AM-6PM. Central time overlap required: ~2-4 hours per day

**Nice to Have:**

  * **Experience with Provar will be beneficial**
  * Experience in Agile SAFe framework
  * Experience supporting large-scale Salesforce implementations with multiple instances.
  * Familiarity with Salesforce/CPQ GovCloud
  * Ability to assess and optimize system performance requirements.
  * Good customer-facing skills, including compelling technical briefings and demonstrations.

### **What it’s like to work at Intellias**

At Intellias, where technology takes center stage, people always come before
processes. By creating a comfortable atmosphere in our team, we empower
individuals to unlock their true potential and achieve extraordinary results.
That’s why we offer a range of benefits that support your well-being and
charge your professional growth.  
We are committed to fostering equity, diversity, and inclusion as an equal
opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without
discrimination based on race, color, religion, age, gender, nationality,
disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status,
or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.  
We welcome and celebrate the uniqueness of every individual. Join Intellias
for a career where your perspectives and contributions are vital to our shared
success.