**Ciklum** is looking for a **Senior Manual QA Developer** to join our team
full-time in Ukraine.

We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational
organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business
challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers,
consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that
redefines industries and shapes the way people live.

**About the role:**

As a Senior Manual QA Developer, become a part of a cross-functional
development team engineering experiences of tomorrow.  
You will join a highly motivated team and will be working on a modern solution
for our existing client. We are looking for technology experts who want to
make an impact on new business by applying best practices and taking
ownership.

## Responsibilities:

  * Requirements analysis and processing
  * Estimation of the testing activities
  * Test cases/checklists and other types of test documentation creation
  * Perform testing activities on one big or several small projects, communicate with developers and project managers
  * Test Summary reports preparation

## Requirements:

  * 5+ years professional experience in QA area
  * At least 4 years of real working experience with Web-based projects
  * Good knowledge in complex SQL queries
  * Working experience with NoSQL Database
  * Good experience in working with REST APIs, understanding of Soap APIs
  * Understanding of HTML/CSS/JS or JQuery
  * Excellent knowledge of bug life cycle
  * Excellent knowledge of SDLC
  * Excellent Jira skills
  * Strong understanding of Agile/Scrum/Kanban
  * Upper — intermediate English communication skills
  * Good understanding of test design techniques
  * Service and teamwork orientation

## What’s in it for you?

  * Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door environment
  * Growth focus: Take on large-scale projects with a global impact and expand your expertise
  * Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
  * Endless opportunities: Explore diverse domains through internal mobility, finding the best fit to gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies
  * Flexibility: Enjoy radical flexibility — work remotely or from an office, your choice
  * Care: We’ve got you covered with company-paid medical insurance, mental health support, and financial & legal consultations

**About us:**

At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to
achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with
cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a
One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.  
  
As one of Ukraine’s largest IT companies and a top employer recognized by
Forbes, we’ve spent over 20 years delivering meaningful tech solutions. We
proudly support diverse talent and military veterans, recognizing their unique
skills and perspectives they bring to shaping the future.  
  
Want to learn more about us? Follow us on **[
_Instagram_](https://www.instagram.com/ciklum/),
[_Facebook_](https://www.facebook.com/Ciklum/),
[_LinkedIn_](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ciklum/)**.

**Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!**

Interested already?  
We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. Can’t wait to see
you at Ciklum.