**About PICHE**

PICHE is Latvia’s leading business park development company with 20 years of
experience and over 150 successfully implemented projects in Europe.

We specialize in the development, design, and building of business parks.
PICHE is about an improved and organized work environment, so you can focus on
what matters most at work.

**Experience:**

English B2.

• 1 year or more of web application testing.

• Experience in exploratory testing.

**Knowledge:**

• Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Testing (STLC).

• Testing principles: functional, regression, integration, cross-browser,
cross-platform.

• Exploratory testing methods to identify hidden risks.

• UX and usability basics.

**Skills:**

• Development and maintenance of clear test cases with expected results.

• Preparation of informative bug reports in Jira.

• Testing the adaptability and compatibility of the site on different
devices/browsers.

• Performing smoke tests and rapid validation of releases.

• Using tools for screenshots, logs, and scenario playback.

**Competencies:**

• Attention and systematicity: the ability to notice details and think
structurally.

• Constructiveness: the ability to argue the importance of fixing bugs.

• Flexibility: the ability to work under deadlines and quickly switch between
tasks.

• Organization: planning and dividing the testing process into stages with the
result.

• Proactivity and initiative: willingness to propose new solutions and
implement improvements.

**Area of ​​responsibility:**

• Development and maintenance of test cases, checklists and test
documentation.

• Conducting functional, regression, integration, exploratory, cross-browser
and cross-platform testing.

• Identification and description of defects in Jira with clear reproducible
scenarios.

• Interaction with developers and PM regarding risks and quality.

**We’re happy to provide you with:**

  * Salary $850-1100+tax;
  * Opportunity to develop to mid-level
  * Fully remote work opportunities;
  * Breathtaking challenges, where everything is possible;
  * Annual paid leave — 20 working days;
  * Paid day off on your Birthday;
  * Official national holidays are our days off;
  * Сompensation for studies and sports;
  * Corporate accountant support.