**Swarmer** is a Vendor-Agnostic Autonomy for Coordinated Robots. We develop
AI-managed collaborative autonomy to make teams of connected drones and
autonomous systems smart, efficient, and self-improving over time.

**ROLE OVERVIEW:**

We are looking for a **General Quality Assurance Engineer** with an Automation
skillset and readiness to work with manual test scenarios to join our team.
You will ensure that our solution is reliable, performs well, and has the
security expected from military-grade software. We expect you to handle the
whole QA pipeline, from participating in requirements definition to verifying
the delivered experience matches the expectations to creating automated test
suites, ensuring we have a complete picture of our quality at all times.

**WHAT YOU’LL DO:**

  * Lead the creation and execution of comprehensive test plans and test suits for our software solutions. Build complex test scenarios simulating various operational and edge-case environments.
  * Create and improve test automation solution with a focus on scalability and maintainability
  * Identify, document, and track software defects using issue-tracking systems.
  * Create detailed test data generation and management strategies.
  * Implement automated testing frameworks and tools, including software-in-the-loop (SITL) testing, to enhance testing efficiency and early defect detection.
  * Ensure we have comprehensive test coverage across web interfaces, backend systems, and drone communication layers.
  * Collaborate with engineering teams to identify, document, and resolve software defects.
  * Work closely with development, product, and operations teams to ensure quality at every product lifecycle stage.
  * Act as the quality advocate within the company, ensuring the best outcomes for our product and users.
  * Ensure we have a complete picture of our quality at all times.
  * Understand business value from proposed QA processes and use manual, scripting or automated test solutions according to business need.

**WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:**

  * Proven experience in software and hardware QA, with a focus on complex systems, preferably involving UAVs, IoT or Embedded technologies.
  * Solid understanding of testing principles and best practices for any of the mentioned domains.
  * Experience with test automation tools and Python including automation frameworks: Pytest & Playwright.
  * Implement automated solutions when it is needed, perform manual tests when there is a value.
  * Experience with CI/CD pipelines.
  * Understanding and experience with Network solutions and Network protocols. Preferably lower OSI levels.
  * Good problems and issues troubleshooting skills.
  * Eagerness to work in a startup environment, balancing the agility of decisions with the need to ensure the best outcomes.
  * Hands-on, detail-oriented, and willing to dive deep into problem-solving.

**WE OFFER:**

  * Direct influence on product quality in a high-stakes defense tech environment where your decisions have real-world impact.
  * Professional growth through hands-on work with advanced drone systems and exposure to international QA and testing best practices.
  * Competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package (insurance, paid sick leave, 20 paid days off per year).
  * Advantages of working in the defense sector (reservation and related benefits).
  * Flexible remote work options.

**HOW’S THE HIRING PROCESS GOING:**

✔️ Intro Call → ✔️ Technical Interview → ✔️ Management Interview → ✔️ Final
Interview → ✔️ Security check → ✔️ Offer

 _**Ready to Apply?**_  
**_If you’re excited about solving complex challenges and eager to contribute
to the future of collaborative autonomy, we’d love to hear from you!_**