We are looking for talented people who are smart, bright, and like to improve
the quality of software and software development process.

**Who we are?**  
We’re Wirex, and we’re not like anyone else. Why? Because we always do things
our way, before anyone else does them — like creating the first ever debit
card that lets you pay with crypto, making it easier for ordinary people to
access DeFi-powered savings, and setting up the world’s first cryptocurrency
rewards scheme.  
Our vision is a world in which everyone can enjoy the benefits of digital
currency — everything from the power to send money around the world near-
instantly without breaking the bank to buying, storing, and exchanging 130+
top tokens on a secure, easy-to-use platform at some of the best rates in the
industry.  
We must be doing something right because more than 6 million people across 130
countries are helping to change the world by using Wirex.  
**Type of Cooperation:** B2B Contract.  
**Location:** Full remote (EU preferred, no sanctioned countries).

**Your job responsibilities will be:**  
— Planning, preparation, and maintenance of test cases and test documentation.  
— Manual and automation testing of the Back End API.  
— Manual testing of Web App.  
— Active involvement in the release process at all stages.  
— Collaboration with the development team: gathering information, reporting
detected issues, and tracking their resolution.  
— Collaboration with analysts and developers in feature requirements analysis
process.  
— Proactive work on optimizing the length of the test cycle.

**We are interested in:**  
— Over 3 years of experience in software testing, with a strong focus on Back-
End testing.  
— Expertise in API testing tools (Postman, Swagger) and methodologies.  
— Solid skills in defect detection, documentation, and tracking on the Back-
End side (but not exceptionally).  
— Huge interest in development as an Automation QA.  
— Experience in working with the Atlassian stack, Bitbucket, GitHub.  
— Knowledge of software development methodologies and the SDLC.  
— Ability to prioritize tasks, manage workload effectively, and identify risks
to quality or timelines.  
— Excellent analytical and investigative problem-solving skills, capable of
working independently.  
— Good English for documentation, Ukrainian or Russian communication skills.  
**Nice to Have:**  
— Experience in working with Web3, noncustodial wallets.  
— Knowledge of smart contracts and blockchain basics.  
— Experience with C#/ JavaScript/ Go.

**Being a member of the Wirex team means:**  
— Premium tariffs for our product.  
— Semi-remote work with flexible hours.  
— Home office allowance.  
— Virtual share options scheme after the probation period.  
— Comprehensive medical insurance after the probation period.  
— Generous vacation policy: 23 business days of paid leave + 12 paid floating
holidays.  
— Paid sick leave, Birthday, and Anniversary leave.  
— Length of Service Holidays.  
— Engaging in online events for learning and enjoyment.  
— Coworking with all facilities and parking compensation in Wrocław/Kyiv.

**NOTE:** Benefits may vary from region-to-region and will depend upon the
location you are hired in.