**Ciklum** is looking for a **Middle .NET Developer** to join our team full-
time in Ukraine

We are a custom product engineering company that supports both multinational
organizations and scaling startups to solve their most complex business
challenges. With a global team of over 4,000 highly skilled developers,
consultants, analysts and product owners, we engineer technology that
redefines industries and shapes the way people live.

**About the role:**

As a Middle .NET Developer, become a part of a cross-functional development
team working for our Client, who is a producer of automated test equipment and
virtual instrumentation software.

## Responsibilities:

  * Develop parts of features or modules with acceptable quality with moderate supervision
  * Efficiently use development toolset, follow code standards and team agreed rules
  * Create tests to cover their own code and cover most cases for business logic
  * Investigate and fix application bugs

## Requirements:

We know that sometimes, you can’t tick every box. We would still love to hear
from you if you think you’re a good fit!

Software Design:

  * Use of the best practices and patterns when designing and implementing application components
  * Describing own code within technical documents and simple diagrams

Software Development:

  * Knowledge and experience in C# and .NET. Use of main supporting third-party libraries
  * Prior record of web applications development with using and configuring framework features
  * Practical experience in writing complex queries to relational or NoSQL databases

Quality Assurance:

  * Background in writing unit and integration tests
  * Proposing code improvements

Software Deployment:

  * Following the CI/CD process established on the project
  * Using project infrastructure for development and troubleshooting

## Desirable:

  * Experience with Angular
  * Participation in code reviews
  * Knowledge and experience in application security concepts
  * Practical experience with any message broker systems
  * Practical experience in the use and configuration of ORM framework features

## What’s in it for you?

  * Strong community: Work alongside top professionals in a friendly, open-door environment
  * Growth focus: Take on large-scale projects with a global impact and expand your expertise
  * Tailored learning: Boost your skills with internal events (meetups, conferences, workshops), Udemy access, language courses, and company-paid certifications
  * Endless opportunities: Explore diverse domains through internal mobility, finding the best fit to gain hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies
  * Flexibility: Enjoy radical flexibility — work remotely or from an office, your choice
  * Care: We’ve got you covered with company-paid medical insurance, mental health support, and financial & legal consultations

**About us:**

At Ciklum, we are always exploring innovations, empowering each other to
achieve more, and engineering solutions that matter. With us, you’ll work with
cutting-edge technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and be part of a
One Team culture that values collaboration and progress.  
  
As one of Ukraine’s largest IT companies and a top employer recognized by
Forbes, we’ve spent over 20 years delivering meaningful tech solutions. We
proudly support diverse talent and military veterans, recognizing their unique
skills and perspectives they bring to shaping the future.  
  
Want to learn more about us? Follow us on **[
_Instagram_](https://www.instagram.com/ciklum/),
[_Facebook_](https://www.facebook.com/Ciklum/),
[_LinkedIn_](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ciklum/)**.

**Explore, empower, engineer with Ciklum!**

Interested already?  
We would love to get to know you! Submit your application. Can’t wait to see
you at Ciklum.