We are looking for a **Senior Manual/AQA .Net Engineer** to join our team.

Our Client is a marketing and brand consultancy, with proprietary market
research and advertising solutions grounded in the principles of behavioral
science. The Company specializes in helping clients with their communication
and innovation programs and works with many of the world’s largest buyers of
advertising and market research. The Client offers a range of tools that
embody the latest trends in research. Predictive Markets tool uses the “wisdom
of the crowd” to identify winning concepts.

N-iX provides services to the client in the areas of software development,
software quality control and quality assurance, technical support and
consultancy professional services to the client’s end customers.

**Requirements:**

  * 3+ years of professional experience in testing;
  * Solid commercial experience as an Automation QA Engineer (.NET);
  * Expert knowledge of C# on .NET;
  * Experience with Web, API
  * Manual testing experience;
  * Understanding of different SDLC, able to follow a defined process on the project;
  * Great communication skills;
  * Upper-intermediate level of English, Ukrainian level — advanced and higher

**Responsibilities:**

  * Technical tasks implementation, design, and refactoring.
  * Code review, code optimization.
  * Participate in team planning and estimations.
  * Perform an effective code review process.
  * Manual testing
  * Interaction with customers in terms of requirements analysis, sprint planning, estimations, retrospectives

  
  

**We offer*:**

  * Flexible working format — remote, office-based or flexible
  * A competitive salary and good compensation package
  * Personalized career growth
  * Professional development tools (mentorship program, tech talks and trainings, centers of excellence, and more)
  * Active tech communities with regular knowledge sharing
  * Education reimbursement
  * Memorable anniversary presents
  * Corporate events and team buildings
  * Other location-specific benefits

*not applicable for freelancers