**About the client:**

Our customer is a leading North America online broker. The **Senior**
**Automation QA Engineer (.NET)** will work within a Mobile development team.
They will create and execute test cases for mobile applications using a
combination of manual and automated testing strategies. A commitment to
collaborative problem solving, design, and delivery of a quality product is
essential. This individual must be a critical thinker who can efficiently
solve problems and work well with a diverse team. The QA Engineer will
contribute to team meetings and the overall engineering process. Must be
detail oriented, diligent and coordinate multiple tasks within the team and
understand the entire software development life cycle. Our esteemed client, a
prominent online broker in North America, seeks an Automation QA Engineer to
join their Mobile Development team. The successful candidate will be
responsible for developing and executing test cases for mobile applications,
employing both manual and automated testing methodologies. A steadfast
commitment to collaborative problem-solving, meticulous design, and the
consistent delivery of high-quality products is paramount. This individual
must possess exceptional critical thinking abilities, efficiently resolve
issues, and collaborate effectively within a diverse team environment. The QA
Engineer will actively contribute to team discussions and the overarching
engineering process. Attention to detail, diligence, the ability to coordinate
multiple tasks, and a comprehensive understanding of the entire software
development lifecycle are essential.

**About the team:**  
This a new team of 3 engineers: 2 .Net developers and an AQA who will work in
the new PoC project. The goal of PoC is to build the services that provide an
API for internal service usage. The project is related to the core trading
platform of the customer. It requires a lot of work with transactions, SQL and
a lot of data. So the AQA roles is to automate the testing process to ensure a
smooth development and high quality standards for the customer. This new team
comprises three engineers: two .Net developers and one AQA, who will be
integral to a new Proof of Concept (PoC) project. The objective of this PoC is
to develop services that offer an API for internal service consumption. The
project is directly linked to the customer’s core trading platform and
necessitates extensive work with transactions, SQL, and substantial data
volumes. Consequently, the AQA’s responsibilities include automating the
testing process to guarantee seamless development and uphold elevated quality
standards for the customer.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Review business requirements to write test cases and test plans Identify and document all levels of testing including functional, integration, user acceptance and exploratory
  * Analyze test results, troubleshooting issues and write up defects with a high level of detail
  * Build and execute automated test cases
  * Participate in the Agile ceremonies: story grooming, sprint planning, daily stand-ups, and retrospective
  * Responsible for communicating daily progress, issues, risks
  * Be highly collaborative with test and dev engineers and business partners to deliver the highest quality
  * Be self-managed, but identify when escalation is needed

**Requirements:**

  * 5+ years of professional experience in software testing with a strong focus on test automation.
  * Proven expertise in .NET (C#) and the ability to deeply analyze and test complex backend code.
  * Hands-on experience building and maintaining automation frameworks (UI/API/DB), with the ability to independently utilize and extend existing frameworks.
  * Strong experience in API test automation (REST, gRPC, message-driven systems).
  * Solid understanding of microservices architectures, distributed systems, and integration testing.
  * Experience with unit, integration, and end-to-end testing frameworks (xUnit, NUnit, MSTest, Moq, etc.).
  * Experience with SQL and databases (SQL Server, Entity Framework), including complex query validation.
  * Experience with CI/CD pipelines (Azure DevOps, Jenkins, GitHub Actions) and test integration into release workflows.
  * Knowledge of cloud platforms (preferably GCP)
  * Proven experience in Agile/Scrum teams with ownership of QA processes.
  * Upper-Intermediate English level
  * Ukrainian language — Advanced or higher

**We offer*:**

  * Flexible working format — remote, office-based or flexible
  * A competitive salary and good compensation package
  * Personalized career growth
  * Professional development tools (mentorship program, tech talks and trainings, centers of excellence, and more)
  * Active tech communities with regular knowledge sharing
  * Education reimbursement
  * Memorable anniversary presents
  * Corporate events and team buildings
  * Other location-specific benefits

*not applicable for freelancers