Softwarium is an outsourcing company that develops software for clients in the
USA, Canada, and Europe across industries such as social services, healthcare,
energy, and security.

We are currently seeking a **Junior Full Stack Developer** to join our team
and contribute to an innovative web application designed for collecting,
processing, and maintaining documents that support the registration of various
commercial transactions in the US market.

Our client is a leading mortgage and financial services provider that
specializes in streamlining and automating complex financial workflows. The
company is actively expanding its IT department to strengthen digital
transformation initiatives. By integrating AI, machine learning, and data
extraction technologies, the client aims to improve decision-making accuracy,
accelerate loan processing, and enhance the overall customer experience. You
will be joining a dynamic environment where innovation, data-driven solutions,
and modern technologies play a key role in shaping the future of financial
services.

**Tech Stack:** C#, JavaScript, Vue.js, MS SQL, SQL

**Required skills and qualifications:**

— At least 2+ years of commercial development experience with C#;

— Experience in commercial development using Vue.js;

— Solid knowledge of SQL and ability to work with relational databases;

— Intermediate English;

— Self-motivated, responsible, and capable of working independently while
maintaining high attention to detail and code quality.

**It will be a plus:**

— Experience working with TypeScript or willingness to learn it;

— Basic understanding of .NET framework and back-end principles;

— Curiosity about AI tools and automation technologies that improve
development efficiency.

**Responsibilities:**

— Develop and support new features for the project, such as forms, reports,
and integrations.

— Contribute to UI improvements, including visual updates and optimization of
existing pages.

— Collaborate with other developers and the client’s team, actively sharing
ideas and participating in discussions.

— Learn and grow by participating in code reviews, working with experienced
mentors, and improving technical skills.

— Be proactive in communication, suggesting improvements and helping to
maintain a positive team atmosphere.

### **Working conditions:**

🏠 Remote work;

⚖️ Work & life balance is our credo. No overtime;

🚀 Learning & Development program: a team of senior developers, individual
budget for professional development (trainings and events, certification);

💶 You can always count on paid vacation (20 working days), sick leave (10 paid
days), and holidays.