## Responsibilities:

  * Design data science, statistical, machine learning and deep learning systems that influence millions of players
  * Implement and optimize appropriate ML algorithms and tools for time series and tabular data
  * Transform data science prototypes into full-scale products, while deploying and monitoring ML models
  * Run live tests and experiments
  * Train and retrain systems when necessary
  * Create or extend existing ML libraries and frameworks
  * Collaborate with other scientists, engineers, architects and analysts spread across several countries

## Requirements:

**Must Haves:**  
• Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related
discipline.  
• 3-5 years as a Backend Engineer, or a similar role, with a consistent record
of successfully delivering ML solutions  
• Solid software engineering skills, including experience with Git, Docker,
and CI/CD pipelines.  
• Hands-on experience in designing and deploying systems in Kubernetes
environment.  
• Experience with big data tools i.e. Spark, and working with structured and
unstructured data.  
• Experience with real-time and streaming applications.  
• Ability to work with cross-functional teams, articulate ML concepts to non-
technical stakeholders, and lead projects from concept to execution.  
**Nice to Have:**  
• Experience as a ML/GEN-AI Engineer, or a similar role.  
• High proficiency in Python, with extensive experience with Python software
development, Python-based ML libraries, and API development (FastAPI).  
• Deep understanding of Python programming principles, including object-
oriented programming, asynchronous processing, and memory management.  
• Hands-on experience deploying ML models using tools like BentoML.  
• Experience with real-time ML applications and streaming data (Kafka, Flink,
etc.).  
• Experience in Large Language Models (LLMs), Retrieval-Augmented Generation
(RAG), and AI Agents using frameworks like LangChain and LlamaIndex.

**Benefits:**

  * Annual company bonus
  * Competitive salary & flexible working hours
  * Daily breakfast, lunch, and office refreshments
  * Private health insurance, dental coverage, and psychological counseling
  * 20 paid vacation days and 5 sick days per year
  * 6 long weekends and 1 day off for your birthday
  * Gifts for special occasions (birthday, Easter, Christmas, Women’s and Men’s Day, weddings, childbirth, etc.)
  * Technical library with the option to order books
  * Access to our educational platform with courses, training programs, and certifications
  * Career development through coaching and reviews
  * Internal mobility & referral program
  * Corporate celebrations, team-building events, and fun activities
  * Personal care in the office (nails, eyebrows, and barber services)
  * Modern offices (Kyiv, Vinnytsia, Dnipro) with organized shuttle buses to and from the office