A **Practice Leader** is the first point of contact for their direct reports,
and they liaise and relay information between senior leaders, HR, and
engineers.  
  
The role of a **Practice Leader** is probably the most important because this
is the first line of people management, and it provides things to be done. On
the one hand, a PL is a part of the Practice, so this person must be at least
senior-level in their specialty. On the other hand, a **Practice Leader** is a
people manager.  
  
**The complete list of requirements looks like the following:**  
— Practical experience and strong understanding of Python patterns & best
practices.  
— Strong understanding of ML project lifecycle.  
— Practical experience with creating training datasets involving human
annotators.  
— Experience with writing Deep Learning models from scratch.  
— Experience in >1 of the following areas: NLP, CV, forecasting, recommender
systems.  
— Strong experience with agentic workflows, RAG architecture, and GraphRAG.  
— Experience and in-depth understanding of transformers.  
— Practical experience with /AWS/other cloud/open source alternatives/ MLOps
platforms, frameworks, and libraries.  
— Practical experience with model post-production & maintenance: model and
data monitoring, retraining automation, etc.  
— Ability to make reusable components of ML pipelines.  
— Practical experience with a variety of data sources (OLTP, OLAP, DataLake,
Streaming).  
— Experience in DataOps or ML/MLOps would be a significant plus.  
— Ability to explain decisions, status, and roadmap to non-technical customer
representatives.  
— Experience in team/department leadership.  
— Ability to teach and mentor. The role assumes providing employees with their
career path and helping them achieve goals.  
— Diplomatic skills. It means more than just “communication skills” and
includes ethics, empathy, compassion, and the ability to resolve conflicts.  
— Calmness. People are complicated, and you need to be ready for any
objectives or misunderstandings.

**Responsibilities:**  
— Build effective teams.  
— Participate in meetups, conferences, and build community.  
— Share best practices and culture with the team.  
— Mentor engineers, coach Team Leads, and encourage others to share knowledge.  
— Have technical excellence and be an influencer in different teams/projects.  
— Hire and onboard newcomers.  
— Conduct performance reviews, 1-on-1 meetings.  
— Identify and address team gaps in knowledge.  
— Evaluate, improve, and maintain processes.  
— Сollaborate with other managers across the company.  
— Communicate and follow the company’s mission, vision, and values.