**About Virtido**

Virtido is an entrepreneurial and innovative IT company headquartered in
Zurich, Switzerland. We realize ideas and projects â€” from strategic concept to
technical implementation closely alongside our dynamic clients with a strong
focus on start-up or fast-growing companies. Since inception in 2015, we have
grown rapidly to currently 140+ professionals in Switzerland, Poland, Ukraine
and the Philippines.

**About Our Client**

Our client specializes in delivering advanced software solutions aimed at
achieving excellence in Data Governance. With a strong focus on Data
Protection, Information Security, and AI Trustworthiness, they develop
products that promote responsible innovation and efficient management of data
lifecycles. Their offerings ensure full compliance with international
standards and regulations.

In addition to their robust software solutions, they offer consulting services
to assist businesses in seamlessly integrating their products. They also
develop customized Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) frameworks tailored
to the unique needs of various industries, ensuring that clients can
effectively manage and protect their data while driving innovation.

**About the Role**

We are seeking a highly skilled Senior Backend Engineer with strong
proficiency in Python (vanilla) and hands-on experience with Machine Learning
(ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI). As a key member of the engineering
team, you will work on building scalable, secure, and intelligent backend
systems that enhance the companys data governance solutions. This role
involves collaborating with cross-functional teams to develop innovative
features that leverage ML/AI to improve data security, compliance, and
responsible AI practices.

**Responsibilities**

  * Design, develop, and maintain scalable backend systems using Python (vanilla).
  * Integrate ML/AI models into the backend architecture to enable intelligent data analysis, automation, and security features.
  * Collaborate with data scientists and AI/ML engineers to deploy and optimize AI models in production environments.
  * Develop robust APIs and microservices to support a variety of data governance and security functionalities.
  * Ensure the security, scalability, and high performance of backend systems.
  * Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code following best practices.
  * Participate in system architecture discussions and contribute to continuous improvement initiatives.
  * Stay updated with the latest trends and advancements in ML/AI technologies and data security.

**Requirements**

  * Proven experience as a Backend Engineer with expertise in Python (vanilla preferred).
  * Strong knowledge of ML/AI concepts, frameworks, and deployment best practices.
  * Experience integrating ML/AI models into production environments.
  * Solid understanding of data security, privacy, and compliance standards.
  * Familiarity with API design, microservices architecture, and cloud deployment (cloud platforms like AWS, Azure, or GCP preferred).
  * Experience working on data governance, security, or similar domains is a plus.
  * Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment.
  * Strong communication skills for close collaboration with data scientists, product managers, and stakeholders.
  * Good command of English language (you will be working with the English-speaking team)

**Preferred Qualifications**

  * Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Data Science, or a related field.
  * Experience with containerization tools like Docker and orchestration platforms like Kubernetes.
  * Knowledge of database systems and data storage solutions.
  * Prior experience working with AI ethics and responsible AI frameworks.

This is a unique opportunity to influence the future of data governance
technology, leveraging AI and machine learning to foster responsible
innovation and secure data environments.

****