We are toogeza, a Ukrainian recruiting company that is focused on hiring
talents and building teams for tech startups worldwide. People make a
difference in the big game, we may help to find the right ones.

Currently, we are looking for a **AI Engineer.****  
**  
**Location:** Remote

**Job Type:** Full-Time

### **About our client:  
**

We are a specialized design bureau in the private equity sector, focused on
driving innovation and development across a diverse portfolio of companies
owned by our group of investors. Our team delivers value through three core
pillars:

  1. **Long-term Project Development:** We execute and support extensive projects in both physical and digital realms, ranging from ski resorts and clinics to enterprise-level CRM systems.
  2. **Research and Rapid Prototyping:** We explore cutting-edge technologies, providing proof-of-concept solutions to accelerate innovation in AI applications and other emerging fields.
  3. **Secure Infrastructure Deployment and Maintenance:** Our platform team ensures robust, scalable, and secure infrastructure for ongoing operations across the group’s businesses and startups.

In essence, we are an R&D powerhouse supporting the technological and
operational growth of companies within our investors’ portfolio, bridging
vision and execution for transformative outcomes.****

### Role Overview:****

We’re looking for an**AI Engineer** to design and deliver real-world AI
systems.**** You’ll work hands-on with large language models, vector search,
and prompt engineering — and extend beyond text modality by integrating vision
and speech models. From knowledge aggregation across multiple sources —
unifying text, images, and audio into coherent outputs — to agentic systems
that can plan, reason, and act on data, your focus will be on combining,
tuning, and deploying existing AI solutions into robust, production-ready
systems.  
  
You’ll be joining an R&D team that brings together experts across product,
DevOps, software engineering and AI research.

### **Responsibilities:**

  * Drive R&D multiple projects from design to deployment in an iterative improvement cycle.
  * Build rapid prototypes, validate hypotheses and integrate AI blocks into user-focused applications and data pipelines.
  * Design and implement LLM-based features to solve real-world problems, including document understanding, content summarization, and interactive Q&A.
  * Develop agentic AI workflows that combine reasoning, tool calling, memory management and context engineering to automate complex tasks.
  * Leverage RAG, vector databases, chunking techniques, and hybrid search methods to efficiently manage context and information retrieval.
  * Integrate monitoring and evaluation best practices to track AI model performance and control costs, ensuring system observability to detect and address possible issues.
  * Incorporate vision and speech capabilities to extend AI solutions beyond text in multimodal tasks.
  * Fine-tune and adapt pre-trained models to meet specific project needs.
  * Collaborate closely within a team to bring AI solutions to production.

### **Requirements:  
  
Education:**

  * Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or a related field.

### **Experience:**

  * 3+ years in AI engineering with a strong portfolio of real-world projects.
  * Strong hands-on experience with LLMs including, prompt engineering, RAG implementations, AI agents, evaluation, observability, fine-tuning pre-trained models, 3rd party hosted providers and local LLMs.
  * Experience with other DL/ML tasks in vision and speech modalities for classification, generation, document understanding and transcription.

### **Technical Skills:**

  * Proficient in Python and relevant AI frameworks (e.g., LangChain, LangGraph, LlamaIndex, OpenAI SDK, Hugging Face Transformers).
  * VCS (GitHub, GitLab).
  * Cloud: development and deployment experience on AWS, GCP, or Azure.
  * Deployment skills for AI services via APIs or batch workflows, including containerization with Docker.

### **Soft Skills:**

  * Excellent problem-solving skills.
  * Commitment to continuous learning, staying up-to-date with state-of-the-art research, following leading AI researchers, and exploring emerging tools and techniques.
  * Team-oriented with collaborative mindset.
  * Strong communication and presentation skills to explain complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences.
  * Upper-Intermediate English level.

**********  
What’s next?**

If this role sounds like a fit — we’d love to hear from you! Just send over
your CV and anything else you’d like us to consider.  
  
We’ll review everything within **five working days** , and if your background
matches what we’re looking for, we’ll get in touch to set up a call and get to
know each other better.