**ABOUT US:**

**BetterMe** is a health & wellness platform providing a tailored holistic
approach to well-being. Since 2017, we have been on a mission to create a
healthier world for everyone, regardless of age, sex, physical ability, or
background. Our goal is to make a healthy lifestyle accessible to everyone so
they can achieve long-term health benefits.

**YOUR IMPACT:**

  * Translate visual designs into fully functional Shopify Theme code;
  * Develop components and blocks that allow page section re-use;
  * Write clear and understandable CSS + JavaScript + Liquid code that complements the Shopify theme code;
  * Collaboration with UX/creative designers to ensure the application of Shopify best practices in UX and design processes;
  * Direct communication with a product team — involvement in refining the ideas and ability to propose new solutions;
  * Apply industry best practices to ensure a high level of ROI.

**ABOUT YOU:**

  * 5+ years of web development experience and last 3+ years of Shopify (Plus) development experience — Theme Development;
  * Experience working on big projects (6 months +) in a team;
  * Proficiency in JS(Native), CSS (+ Tailwind), Liquid;
  * Experience working with 3rd-party APIs like ERP systems, cloud/email services, analytics tools;
  * Understanding of SEO and accessibility principles. You should know how to optimize the store for search engines and make it accessible to users with disabilities;
  * Experience with testing and debugging platforms. You should be able to use tools for testing and debugging to ensure the error-free operation of the web store.

Our company is built on the ability to find the best people and provide them
with everything needed to stay focused on what’s important to make our users
even healthier, sportier, happier and better! We create a business environment
that brings up best in everyone. We have no bureaucracy, and we give our
colleagues complete freedom to make decisions and achieve brilliant results 🚀  
  
**Competitive salary.** Compensation that will help you focus on your projects
and personal development.  
**Professional Growth.** We offer a possibility to attend internal, external
courses, seminars and access to a corporate library. You will be working with
a team of professionals to get insights and discuss ideas.  
**Comfortable working environment.** BetterMe team is located in a spacious
office in the Astarta business center within 10 minutes walk from Kontraktova
metro station. We serve complimentary breakfasts, lunches, snacks, fruits and
all necessary equipment for your role.  
**Health &Fitness.** We provide employees with 20 days of paid vacation,
medical insurance and a variety of sports activities available for employees
inside and outside the office.  
**Rest.** We organize team buildings, parties and various team activities to
boost our collaboration.  
  
Find more about us on:
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/teambetterme/?igshid=MzRlODBiNWFlZA%3D%3D),[
LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/betterme-apps/).