### Job Description

As a Frontend engineer in the Funnel team, you’ll play a critical role in
onboarding thousands of users to Wix every day, and helping them grow their
business by choosing the right products from the Wix toolbox. In your day-to-
day, you will:

  * Be responsible for the lifecycle of your projects from inception to deployment 
  * Find technical solutions to product challenges and iterate over A/B tests to enhance user experiences 
  * Design and develop full features from database and API to frontend 
  * Identify weak spots in apps and infrastructure to provide failovers, monitoring, and redundancy solutions

### Requirements

  * 4+ years of experience in frontend development
  * Deep knowledge of JavaScript/TypeScript
  * Experience with at least one modern framework such as React, Angular, or Vue
  * Ability to design and build resilient, flexible solutions
  * Strong problem-solving skills and a user-focused mindset
  * Good written and spoken English

### About the Team

We are the Funnel team. We build key entry points to the Wix platform, helping
thousands of new users every day get started and grow their online business.
Our goal is to guide users in discovering and activating the most relevant
tools from the Wix ecosystem through personalized onboarding experiences. Our
team is responsible for high-impact products such as the
[Wix.com](http://Wix.com) main page, Wix Flows (introductory flows), the
Templates Gallery, and shared UI components like the site header and footer.

### About Wix

Wix makes it possible for anyone to succeed online.

Since 2006, we’ve grown to around 5,300 employees in 22 countries, launched
over 40 products, and serve over 282 million users and their visitors
worldwide.

At Wix, we push you to innovate, evolve in non-traditional ways, and
collaborate. We operate in small teams that work closely together at a high
level.

Although we’re already industry leaders in web creation and business, our work
is nowhere near done. Our goal is to become the main engine of the Internet so
we can create a more open web for all.

_We’re proud to be an equal opportunity company. Wix was built around the idea
that everyone has the right to be successful, online. This same vision defines
us as a company: creating a work environment where everyone is welcome, and
anyone has the right to succeed._