Magnoli is an innovative system for dry cleaning operations in the United
States.

The system covers all functions — from registering the orders to tracking
production and employee performance.

The JS developer will work on a React/Node app and focus on a specific
function, such as registering orders or CRM.

The developer must perform UI, DB, and infrastructure-related routines to
ensure that his app advances weekly and has a clear deliverable in Production.

We heavily use Cursor and only consider people who want to work with coding
LLMs.  
If you are interested in learning more about LLM at work, it’s an excellent
chance for you to join the team that develops many best practices around it.

The project is just started and is backed by one of the biggest names in the
dry-cleaning industry.

No legacy  
No bureaucracy  
No long meetings

### IDEAL CANDIDATE

## MUST HAVE:

  * 1 year+ production experience with React & Node;
  * Experience connecting API and 3rd party libs;
  * The ability to work independently and get things done;
  * Commitment to deadlines and making things happen!

## WOULD BE GREAT:

  * Fine written English;
  * Use Cursor daily and know the latest features;
  * Know Github actions

## WE’LL WORK GREAT IF:

  * Attentive to details: pixel-perfect markup is a must on our projects. It’s assumed you’ll check your work before reporting it’s done;
  * Responsible and committed: you don’t miss deadlines repeatedly. Just a grown-up communication about your availability is enough;
  * Can work with limited documentation: projects are usually simple, and documentation is basic. We don’t point fingers if smth is missed in the docs and not done, though we expect you to have common sense.

### WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU:

  * Get in the big startup early to grow with it;
  * Flexible working hours and exciting projects that help real businesses;
  * We’ll pay you to learn what is very appreciated on the market.

_**> > Please mind there is a test task that may require 1-2 hours of your
time 👇**_