Hi! We’re REZET.

We help our business partners worldwide achieve their goals by creating game-
changing software that accurately corresponds to their business needs and
procreative mindsets.  
  
We’re looking for a talented, experienced **Middle(+)** **Full Stack
JavaScript** developer who will join our team and help us drive towards new
success stories and achievements, together!

**Joining our team, you will:**

  * Collaborate on worldwide projects;
  * Solve challenging and engaging tasks;
  * Share your ideas freely, and be able to integrate them into the workflow.

**Required skills:**

  * Experience with JavaScript ≥3 years;
  * Async code callbacks, promises;
  * NodeJS/MongoDB;
  * Experience with React, Vue, Angular (at least one from the list);
  * HTML / CSS / Flex;
  * Git;
  * Conversational English (B1 — B2).

**Would be a plus:**

  * ReactNative;
  * SASS / LESS / SCSS;
  * AWS / Heroku / DO;
  * SQL, MySQL, Postgresql;
  * Docker;
  * Unit testing with Jest;
  * TypeScript;

**Main responsibilities:**

  * take a proactive part in software development;
  * code refactoring & optimization;
  * build new and tweak existing functionality and features;
  * participate in client meetings.

**Required personal traits:**

  * **High level of communication skills:** clearly express your thoughts verbally and in writing. Know how to ask the right questions. Explain complex things in simple terms.
  * **Proactivity.** Take responsibility and accountability in the area of your professional domain. Suggest ideas for improving the work process.
  * **Positive attitude and optimism.** Believe in the positive outcome in any circumstances. Support your teammates. Be ready for changes.

**We offer:**

  * Challenging and engaging tasks;
  * Flexible work schedule;
  * Competitive salary;
  * Paid vacations, days off, and sick leaves;
  * Medical insurance;
  * Paid gym, sports, and educational activities;
  * Professional growth;
  * Career growth and the possibility of becoming an influential part of the projects and team.  
  

**Rezet is a team that fuses talent, innovation, and technology — feel free to
share your CV and join us!**