**About the Client**

Our client is a fast-growing **fintech software company** on a mission to
transform how people and businesses manage their finances. Their platform
leverages cutting-edge technology to deliver secure, scalable, and intuitive
financial solutions — from digital payments to data-driven insights and
automation.

They value **agility, collaboration, and continuous learning** , and are
looking for talented engineers who thrive in fast-paced environments and want
to make a meaningful impact in fintech innovation.

### **Position Overview**

We are seeking an experienced **Angular Developer** to join our client’s
international team.

In this role, you’ll build **scalable, high-performance web applications** ,
collaborate closely with product and UX teams, and integrate robust APIs and
services built on .NET and Azure. You’ll have the opportunity to work across
the full stack while focusing primarily on front-end development with Angular.

### **Key Responsibilities**

  * Develop modern, responsive web applications using **Angular 17+**.
  * Build and maintain integrations with **.NET back-end services**.
  * Collaborate with designers, back-end engineers, and product managers to deliver high-quality features.
  * Optimize front-end performance, security, and scalability.
  * Participate in architectural discussions and contribute to technical decisions.
  * Write clean, maintainable, and testable code.
  * Stay up-to-date with modern front-end and .NET development trends.

### **Required Qualifications**

  * **4+ years** of professional front-end development experience.
  * Strong proficiency with **Angular** , **TypeScript** , **HTML5** , **CSS3** , and **JavaScript**.
  * Experience integrating with **RESTful APIs** and working in **Azure environments**.
  * Solid understanding of **RxJS** , **NgRx** , or similar state management tools.
  * Familiarity with **Git** , CI/CD workflows, and agile development processes.
  * English — **B2 or higher** (strong verbal communication required).

### **Nice to Have**

  * Experience with **unit testing** (Jest, Jasmine, Karma).
  * Knowledge of **Docker** , **Kubernetes** , or microservices architecture.
  * Background in **fintech** , **banking** , or other secure systems.
  * Understanding of **accessibility** and **responsive design** standards.
  * Proven experience with **C# / .NET 6+** (preferably .NET 8)
  * Experience with **SQL Server** or **PostgreSQL**.

### **What You’ll Get**

  * **Flexible working hours** and full remote setup.
  * **Competitive salary** aligned with your experience.
  * **Professional growth** opportunities and diverse projects.
  * **Full-time position** with a dynamic, international team.
  * **Benefits package** including paid vacation and sick leave.

We are not just a team of software development professionals, we are a
passionate group of innovators who strive to create groundbreaking solutions
for our clients. Our hearts are filled with pride as we bring our years of
experience to the table to provide top-quality outsourcing services for
software development and quality assurance to clients all over the world.  
We pour our souls into every project we work on, specializing in custom
software development, web and mobile technologies, and cloud solutions. Our
technology stack is not just a list of tools, it’s a reflection of our
dedication to staying ahead of the curve and utilizing the latest advancements
in technology to deliver unparalleled results.  
Working with leading companies across various industries, from cloud migration
consulting to Fin tech, Data analytics, and Farming, we feel a sense of
fulfillment in solving complex business challenges through our expertise. Our
goal is not just to provide IT outsourcing and consulting services, but to
create a lasting impact on the world through the power of technology.