_We are looking for a**Senior Full-Stack JavaScript (Backend-leaning)
Engineer** to help our client build the backbone of private markets and power
their next-generation investment management platform._

Are you passionate about building meaningful, high-impact technology that goes
beyond just writing code? This is your chance to join a product-driven team
shaping the future of private markets through secure, scalable, and user-
friendly solutions.

Beetroot is a trusted partner for startups and established brands worldwide,
helping them grow by building strong, long-term tech teams. We’re looking for
a talented engineer to join one of our fintech partners and play a key role in
their product evolution. Our client is redefining the private investment
industry by combining exceptional expertise, operational excellence, and
frictionless technology. Their platform enables funds and private investors to
seamlessly and securely set up and manage investment entities — creating the
backbone of modern private markets.

As a **Senior Full-Stack JavaScript (Backend-leaning) Engineer,** you’ll play
a key role in developing the technology that drives this mission. You’ll have
the freedom and ownership to influence the product roadmap, design the right
solutions, and help build something that truly matters.

**What you’ll do in this role**

  * Design and implement robust, scalable, and secure backend services that address real customer needs;
  * Collaborate with Product Managers and cross-functional teams to discover problems, create solutions, and deliver impactful features;
  * Optimize and maintain backend systems and ensure seamless integration with frontend and third-party services;
  * Contribute to architecture decisions, proactively address technical debt, and improve overall team productivity;
  * Drive communication and collaboration within the engineering team to ensure smooth delivery.

  
**We’re looking for**

  * Proven experience as a Full-Stack or Backend Engineer;
  * Solid knowledge of TypeScript and Node.js (Nest.js);
  * Experience with relational databases (MySQL preferred);
  * Familiarity with Kubernetes (K8S) and AWS infrastructure;
  * Understanding of secure API design, scalability, and performance optimization;
  * Strong ownership and problem-solving mindset;
  * Passion for building simple, efficient, and impactful solutions;
  * Excellent communication and collaboration skills;
  * Upper-Intermediate English level.

  
  

**How to knock our socks off**

  * Experience with Svelte or similar modern frontend frameworks;
  * Hands-on experience with FusionAuth, Twilio, SendGrid, Retool, or Tally;
  * Interest in fintech or investment technology;
  * Naming five or more dishes that include beetroot besides borshch.

  
  

✔ **Not checking every box?**

This job looks very exciting, but you hesitate to apply because of the
confidence gap? Reach out to us anyway! Beetroot is an inclusive workplace
that considers all applicants. We’re committed to openness — promoting
equality and fostering an environment where different backgrounds, ideas, and
experiences are not just accepted, but embraced. So let’s discover together
whether we could be an excellent fit for each other.

Please send us your CV in English, and we’ll be happy to discuss your
application further.