**FAVBET** Tech develops software that is used by millions of players around
the world for the international company FAVBET Entertainment.  
We develop innovations in the field of gambling and betting through a complex
multi-component platform which is capable to withstand enormous loads and
provide a unique experience for players.  
**FAVBET** Tech does not organize and conduct gambling on its platform. Its
main focus is software development.  
  
**Main areas of work:**

  * **Betting/Gambling Platform Software Development — software development** that is easy to use and personalized for each customer.
  * **Highload Development** — development of highly loaded services and systems.
  * **CRM System Development** — development of a number of services to ensure a high level of customer service, effective engagement of new customers and retention of existing ones.
  * **Big Data** — development of complex systems for processing and analysis of big data.
  * **Cloud Services** — we use cloud technologies for scaling and business efficiency.

**Requirements:**

  * 6+ years of hands-on backend development with Node.js
  * 2+ years of experience leading development teams
  * Strong knowledge of system scalability and high-performance architecture design
  * Proficiency in TypeScript
  * Solid experience in API development
  * Hands-on experience with Docker
  * Experience working with message brokers (RabbitMQ, NATS, etc.)
  * Strong background in PostgreSQL
  * Excellent understanding of design patterns and SOLID principles
  * Strong knowledge of application security principles
  * Nice to have: experience in the gambling domain

**Will be a plus:**

  * Experience with NestJS
  * Experience with NoSQL databases (MongoDB, Redis)

**Responsibilities:**

  * Lead and manage the development team, driving collaboration, mentorship, and technical excellence
  * Design, develop, and deliver new features and components with a focus on scalability and performance
  * Identify, troubleshoot, and resolve technical issues throughout the development lifecycle
  * Establish and enforce coding standards to ensure code quality, readability, and best practices
  * Independently plan and document tasks, providing clear and actionable requirements
  * Create and maintain technical documentation for implemented features, ensuring clarity for both the team and stakeholders

During the war, the company actively supports the Ministry of Digital
Transformation of Ukraine in the initiative to deploy an IT army and has
already organized its own cyber warfare unit, which makes a crushing blow to
the enemy’s IT infrastructure 24/7, coordinates with other cyber volunteers
and plans offensive actions on its IT front line.