We’re looking for a **Senior Backend Engineer** who delivers high-quality code
that is efficient and scalable. A seasoned engineer who is passionate about
building serverless products and is comfortable operating in an early-stage
startup environment.

Our client is a sales enablement platform designed to help direct sellers win
customers, build stronger teams, and align their sales organizations. Our
client’s company operates with a dynamic and highly efficient global team, and
their product is designed to eliminate critical friction points for businesses
of all sizes.

**Requirements:**

  * **4+ years of experience with Backend development with a strong focus on TypeScript & NodeJS.**
  * Experience working on a high-traffic system.
  * Experience with NoSQL DB.
  * **Upper-Intermediate level of English proficiency.**
  * Soft skills: dedication, positive attitude, and proactivity.

**Skills preferred but not necessary:**

  * Experience with Firestore.
  * Experience with GCP (Google Cloud).
  * Experience with Serverless architecture.

**What we offer:**

  * Fully remote collaboration
  * 24 business days of paid annual vacation (including sick leave)
  * Startup energy, stable environment — backed by a successful product with millions of users
  * Needed software license reimbursement
  * Collaborative and supportive team, where initiative is always valued
  * Annual salary review based on performance and contribution

**Our hiring process:**

  1. Screening interview with a recruiter (under 30 minutes)
  2. Technical interview with Senior Backend Engineer (1.5 hours)
  3. Technical interview with CTO (1.5 hours)
  4. Interview with the VP of R&D (1 hour)
  5. HR interview (45 minutes)