**BIScience**([www.biscience.com](http://www.biscience.com/)) is looking for
**JS** **Full-Stack Developer (****Angular****, NodeJS, Javascript)****** to
join the Kiev team on a full-time basis.

BIScience offers business intelligence solutions for online advertising
activities. Our solutions maximize our clients’ profits by providing insights
and analytics of their online presence compared to specific competitors and
entire market segments. All of our solutions are secure, reliable, intuitive,
and usable. BIScience offers flexible packaging to accommodate the needs of
small and medium businesses as well as large enterprises.

Main product AdClarity aims to maximize our clients’ profits by providing
insights and analytics of their online presence compared to specific
competitors and entire market segments. The product monitors 30,000,000 web
pages around the world daily, running on hundreds of servers. AdClarity
monitors Display, Video, InApp, and Social channels, combining robotic and
panel data.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Business features development
  * Develop and maintain existing projects
  * Contribute to architectural decisions and technologies for new and existing projects

**Requirements:**

  * 4+ years of experience with Javascript, Node.js, HTML/CSS
  * 2+ years of experience with Angular
  * Linux hands on
  * GIT, JIRA, Confluence
  * Being familiar with Agile development frameworks
  * Good level of English (both spoken and written)

******Desirable:**

  * Experience with browser extensions development
  * Experience with Docker
  * Experience with js
  * Experience with NoSQL DBs
  * Experience with online advertising
  * Academic IT education on master level in Computer Science or Engineering

******Personal qualities:**

  * Working well autonomously, without close supervision, readiness to take responsibility
  * Acting as a Team player and having highly developed communication skills, both toward co-programmers and project manager
  * Very organized & committed person which can commit to timely delivery of quality results
  * Knowledge seeking, updated with latest technological and eager to learn new stuff

**What’s in it for you?**

  * Competitive salary
  * Challenging tasks
  * Highly-skilled team of seniors
  * Supportive and family-like atmosphere
  * Variety of knowledge sharing, training, and self-development opportunities