**FAVBET** Tech develops software that is used by millions of players around
the world for the international company FAVBET Entertainment.  
We develop innovations in the field of gambling and betting through a complex
multi-component platform which is capable to withstand enormous loads and
provide a unique experience for players.  
**FAVBET** Tech does not organize and conduct gambling on its platform. Its
main focus is software development.  
  
**Main areas of work:**

  * **Betting/Gambling Platform Software Development — software development** that is easy to use and personalized for each customer.
  * **Highload Development** — development of highly loaded services and systems.
  * **CRM System Development** — development of a number of services to ensure a high level of customer service, effective engagement of new customers and retention of existing ones.
  * **Big Data** — development of complex systems for processing and analysis of big data.
  * **Cloud Services** — we use cloud technologies for scaling and business efficiency.

**Requirements:**

  * 7+ years of professional experience with NodeJS.
  * 2+ years of experience in a leadership position.
  * Strong understanding of software design principles and architectural patterns.
  * Proven expertise in cloud computing, specifically with AWS, and hands-on experience with containerisation technologies like Docker and orchestration tools like Kubernetes.
  * Demonstrated leadership skills with the ability to manage and motivate a diverse team of technical professionals.
  * Solid understanding of the technical and regulatory challenges in the online gambling industry.
  * Experience with Agile/Scrum methodologies and a commitment to adopting agile practices in team management and product development.
  * Excellent problem-solving skills. 
  * Expertise in overseeing large-scale, multifaceted projects.
  * Skilled at inspiring, mentoring, and managing diverse, remote teams.
  * Experienced in setting performance metrics, monitoring team performance, and providing constructive feedback to promote personal and professional growth of team members.
  * Effective in managing and leading change within the team and projects, helping team members adjust to and embrace new technologies, processes, and strategies to improve overall outcomes.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Leadership and Project Oversight: Direct and oversee the development team, ensuring effective implementation of new features and systems according to business requirements.
  * System Design and Development: Independently design and develop system architectures, ensuring integration and alignment with company goals.
  * Performance Optimization: Optimize system performance through advanced configurations in PostgreSQL and RabbitMQ.
  * Quality Assurance and Testing: Lead the creation and maintenance of comprehensive test strategies to ensure high-quality software development.
  * Strategic Planning and Execution: Develop strategic plans for technology implementation and oversee their execution, ensuring alignment with long-term business objectives.
  * Post-production monitoring and analyzing. 
  * Keep services in acceptable level. Learning from deploys, future improvements based on the results obtained.

**We offer:**

  * 30 days off — we value rest and recreation;
  * Medical insurance for employees and the possibility of training employees at the expense of the company and gym membership;
  * Remote work or the opportunity — our own modern lofty office with spacious workplace, and brand-new work equipment (near Pochaina metro station);
  * Flexible work schedule — we expect a full-time commitment but do not track your working hours;
  * Flat hierarchy without micromanagement — our doors are open, and all teammates are approachable.