**FAVBET Tech** develops software that is used by millions of players around
the world for the international company FAVBET Entertainment.  
We develop innovations in the field of gambling and betting through a complex
multi-component platform which is capable to withstand enormous loads and
provide a unique experience for players.  
**FAVBET Tech** does not organize and conduct gambling on its platform. Its
main focus is software development.

**Main areas of work:**

  * **Betting/Gambling Platform Software Development** — software development that is easy to use and personalized for each customer;
  * **Highload Development** — development of highly loaded services and systems;
  * **CRM System Development** — development of a number of services to ensure a high level of customer service, effective engagement of new customers and retention of existing ones;
  * **Big Data** — development of complex systems for processing and analysis of big data;
  * **Cloud Services** — we use cloud technologies for scaling and business efficiency.

**Requirements:**

  * 4+ years of commercial experience in Node.js (Fastify/Koa/NestJS would be a +).
  * Strong skills in relational and NoSQL databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redis, MongoDB).
  * Strong expertise in TypeScript.
  * Experience with CDN implementation and performance optimization
  * Unit/integration/load tests
  * Understanding of design patterns, clean architecture.
  * Proven track record in developing scalable, enterprise-level solutions
  * **********Responsibilities :**
  * Implementation of API migration to a new approach
  * Development of new features and new parts of the services
  * Handling complex problems that might arise during solution development and provide field support with creative and rapid solutions 
  * Constantly improving code organization and evolving application design
  * Writing new and updating existing integration tests

**We offer:**

  * 30 days off per year (vacation and sick days) — we value rest and recreation. We also comply with the national holidays.
  * Medical insurance for employees and the possibility of training employees at the expense of the company and gym membership.
  * Remote work; after Ukraine wins the war — our own modern lofty office with spacious workplace, and brand-new work equipment (near Pochaina metro station).
  * Flexible work schedule — we expect a full-time commitment but do not track your working hours.
  * Flat hierarchy without micromanagement — our doors are open, and all teammates are approachable.

During the war, the company actively supports the Ministry of Digital
Transformation of Ukraine in the initiative to deploy an IT army and has
already organized its own cyber warfare unit, which makes a crushing blow to
the enemy’s IT infrastructure 24/7, coordinates with other cyber volunteers
and plans offensive actions on its IT front line