Founded in 2012, **Playson** is a leading iGaming supplier recognized
worldwide. We provide our partners with a high-end, microservice-based
platform designed to handle billions of financial transactions per day. Our
cross-regional setup is built with one goal in mind: zero-latency performance.
We invest heavily in delivering the best gameplay experience, ensuring smooth
connections regardless of bandwidth or internet coverage.

**Role Overview**

We are looking for a Senior Backend Engineer (Node.js) to join our Game Tribe.
In this role you will collaborate closely with Head of Gamification and other
engineers, to build and evolve the game services, contributing to:

  * Slot game engine development
  * Microservices (e.g., fraud detection, release processes)
  * R&D tasks around game mechanics, math packages, and new gameplay features
  * Hypothesis testing and fast prototyping (PoC-first mindset)

**Why Join Us?**

  * Be a key player in a major tech transformation.
  * Work on projects that impact millions globally.
  * Enjoy a supportive, flexible work environment.
  * Grow your skills with continuous professional development opportunities.

**To succeed in the role, you will have:**

  * A degree in Computer Science or related field
  * Strong development experience in Node.js/TypeScript 5+ years
  * Strong understanding of Async approaches
  * Experience with Messaging systems like Kafka, RabbitMQ
  * Experience in distributed systems
  * Experience with RDBMs (MySQL, PostgreSQL etc.), CDBMs (Redshift, ClickHouse etc.), NoSQL (DynamoDB, MongoDB, etc)
  * Experience in writing e2e & unit tests
  * Experience with development production-ready solutions

**Would be beneficial to know:**

  * Understanding of enterprise development patterns
  * Experienced with large-scale microservices architecture
  * Experience with cloud providers (AWS, GCP, etc.)
  * Experience with Kubernetes
  * Active performance observation
  * Gambling domain experience
  * Understanding of application security and industry standards, its best practices

**What will you be doing?**

  * Become part of a full-stack team of the product, which is positioned as an independent part of the platform
  * Develop brand new features with a distributed team and be proactive in terms of proposing new ideas
  * Develop a scalable high load system, with financial resultsʼ responsibility
  * Code and Architectural review
  * Proactive position in solution development, processes improvements
  * Handle complex business problems that might arise during solution development and provide field support with creative and rapid solutions

**What you get in return:**

  * **Competitive Salary:** We offer a competitive salary in EUR, subject to annual performance reviews
  * **Quarterly Bonuses:** Benefit from a transparent and systematic quarterly bonus system
  * **Flexible Schedule:** We offer a flexible work schedule to accommodate your needs
  * **Remote Work Option:** Choose to work remotely, providing greater flexibility and comfort
  * **Medical Insurance:** Receive comprehensive medical insurance for both you and a significant other
  * **Financial Support for Life Events:** We provide financial support during special life events
  * **Unlimited Paid Vacation:** Enjoy unlimited paid vacation leave
  * **Unlimited Paid Sick Leave:** Take unlimited paid sick leave whenever necessary
  * **Professional Development:** Get reimbursement for professional development courses and training

_**The recruitment process includes the next steps:**_

1\. HR Interview — 30 min

2.Technical interview with live coding 90 min

3\. Final Interview with Solution Architect & CTO — 60 min

If the job description rings a bell — take action and **apply!**

Looking forward to welcoming you to the iGaming world!

Ambitious goals request a quick ability to maneuver through changes in the
world. Playson is all about that.

Join us today! 🙌